At My Window (album) | At My Window is an album released by Folk/country singer-songwriter Townes Van Zandt in 1987. This was Van Zandt's first studio album in the nine years that followed 1978's "Flyin' Shoes", and his only studio album recorded in the 1980s. Although the songwriter had become less prolific, this release showed that the quality of his material remained high.
Little Window | Little Window is the debut album of American singer-songwriter Baby Dee. The album was released in 2002 on the Durtro label. It was produced, composed, and performed entirely by Dee.
Windows and Walls | Windows and Walls is the eighth album by American singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg, released in 1984 (see 1984 in music). The first single, "The Language of Love", reached 13 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. Although the follow-up, "Believe in Me", missed the Top 40 of the pop chart, peaking at No. 48, it became the singer's fourth No. 1 song on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart.
From a Window (album) | From a Window is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz's Four Plus One Ensemble recorded in 2000 and released on the Japanese Avant label.
Outside My Window (Sarah Buxton song) | "Outside My Window" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Sarah Buxton. The song was released in June 2009 as the lead-off single from her self-titled debut album, which was released in February 2010. It has since become Buxton's second Top 30 hit on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, as well as the highest-charting single of her career. Buxton wrote this song with Victoria Shaw, Gary Burr and Mark Hudson.
Storm Windows | Storm Windows is the seventh album by American folk singer and songwriter John Prine, released in 1980. It was his last release on a major label – he would next join Al Bunetta and Dan Einstein to form Oh Boy Records on which all his subsequent recordings were released.
Windows (Lee Konitz and Hal Galper album) | Windows is an album by American jazz saxophonist Lee Konitz and pianist Hal Galper recorded in late 1975 and released on the Danish SteepleChase label.
Window Shopping | "Window Shopping" is a song written by Marcel Joseph and popularized by country singer Hank Williams, who released the song in July 1952 on MGM Records. Joseph was a French Jew who settled in New York City in 1914 and grew to love country music, working as an illustrator at the "Journal American" by day and writing songs in his spare time. The song was chosen to be the B-side to "Jambalaya (On the Bayou)," one of Hank's biggest hits. Williams recorded the song on June 13, 1952, his first recording session in six months, at Castle Studio in Nashville with backing provided by Jerry Rivers (fiddle), Don Helms (steel guitar), Chet Atkins (lead guitar), Chuck Wright (bass) and probably Ernie Newton (bass).
Yes I Am (Melissa Etheridge album) | Yes I Am is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Melissa Etheridge, released by Island Records on September 21, 1993 (see 1993 in music). The title is generally thought to refer to Etheridge's recent coming out as a lesbian, confirming long-standing rumors about her personal life. This is the album that gave Etheridge national recognition. The rock ballad "Come to My Window" was the first single released from the album, which peaked at No. 25 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and its video featured actress Juliette Lewis having a nervous breakdown. This single brought the album into the public consciousness and was quickly followed by "I'm the Only One", which became a major hit and reached No. 8 on the Hot 100, and "If I Wanted To", which hit No. 16.
If My Heart Had Windows (George Jones album) | If My Heart Had Windows is an album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1968 on the Musicor Records label.
Candace Kita | Kita's first role was as a news anchor in the 1991 movie "Stealth Hunters". Kita's first recurring television role was in Fox's "Masked Rider", from 1995 to 1996. She appeared as a series regular lead in all 40 episodes. Kita also portrayed a frantic stewardess in a music video directed by Mark Pellington for the British group, Catherine Wheel, titled, "Waydown" in 1995. In 1996, Kita also appeared in the film "Barb Wire" (1996) and guest starred on "The Wayans Bros.". She also guest starred in "Miriam Teitelbaum: Homicide" with "Saturday Night Live" alumni Nora Dunn, "Wall To Wall Records" with Jordan Bridges, "Even Stevens", "Felicity" with Keri Russell, "V.I.P." with Pamela Anderson, "Girlfriends", "The Sweet Spot" with Bill Murray, and "Movies at Our House". She also had recurring roles on the FX spoof, "Son of the Beach" from 2001 to 2002, ABC-Family's "Dance Fever" and Oxygen Network's "Running with Scissors". Kita also appeared in the films "Little Heroes" (2002) and "Rennie's Landing" (2001).
Jilly Kitzinger | Jilly Kitzinger is a fictional character in the science fiction series "Torchwood", portrayed by American actress Lauren Ambrose. The character was promoted as one of five new main characters to join "Torchwood" in its fourth series, "" (2011), as part of a new co-production between "Torchwood"' s British network, BBC One, and its American financiers on US premium television network Starz. Ambrose appears in seven of the ten episodes, and is credited as a "special guest star" throughout. Whilst reaction to the serial was mixed, Ambrose' portrayal was often singled out by critics for particular praise and in 2012 she received a Saturn Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress on Television.
Candace Brown | Candace June Brown (born June 15, 1980) is an American actress and comedian best known for her work on shows such as "Grey's Anatomy", "Desperate Housewives", "Head Case", The "Wizards Of Waverly Place". In 2011, she joined the guest cast for "Torchwood"' s fourth series' "", airing on BBC One in the United Kingdom and premium television network Starz.
Candace Elaine | Candace Elaine is a Canadian actress who has become a naturalized American citizen. Born 1972 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, Elaine is an accomplished dancer, fashionista, and stage and film actor. She most recently appeared opposite Stone Cold Steve Austin, Michael Shanks, and Michael Jai White in the action feature "Tactical Force", playing the role of Ilya Kalashnikova.
Amy Steel | Amy Steel (born Alice Amy Steel; May 3, 1960) is an American film and television actress. She is best known for her roles as Ginny Field in "Friday the 13th Part 2" (1981) and Kit Graham in "April Fool's Day" (1986). She has starred in films such as "Exposed" (1983), "Walk Like a Man" (1987), "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? " (1991), and "Tales of Poe" (2014). Steel has had numerous guest appearances on several television series, such as "Family Ties" (1983), "The A-Team" (1983), "Quantum Leap" (1990), and "China Beach" (1991), as well as a starring role in "The Powers of Matthew Star" (1982–83).
Candace Cameron Bure | Candace Cameron Bure ( ; born Candace Helaine Cameron; April 6, 1976) is an American actress, producer, author, and talk show panelist. She is known for her role as D.J. Tanner on "Full House", which she reprised as D.J. Tanner-Fuller on "Fuller House". In 2014, she was a contestant on season 18 of "Dancing with the Stars", finishing in third place. She also starred as Summer van Horne on "Make It or Break It". She is the sister of actor Kirk Cameron, known for "Growing Pains." From 2015 to 2016, she was a co-host of the daytime television talk show "The View".
Kitana Kiki Rodriguez | Kitana Kiki Rodriguez is an American transgender actress. She is best known for her role as Sin-Dee Rella in Sean Baker's 2015 film "Tangerine". The first Academy Award campaigns for openly transgender actresses supported by a film producer were launched for Rodriguez and Mya Taylor for "Tangerine".
The Adventures of Kit Carson | The Adventures of Kit Carson is an American Western television series that aired in syndication from August 1951 to November 1955, originally sponsored by Coca-Cola. It stars Bill Williams in the title role as frontier scout Christopher "Kit" Carson. Don Diamond co-starred as "El Toro", Carson's Mexican companion.
Nancy Addison | Nancy Addison Altman, also known as Nancy Addison (March 21, 1946 – June 18, 2002), was an American soap opera actress. She first attracted notice for playing Kit Vestid on the television soap opera "Guiding Light" for five years beginning in 1969. She is best known for her role as Jillian Coleridge on the soap opera "Ryan's Hope" which she played for over twelve years beginning with the show's premiere in 1975. She left the show in early 1988 but returned for its final episodes in 1989.
Basta't Kasama Kita | Basta't Kasama Kita (lit. "As Long As I'm With You") is a 2003 Philippine action drama which was aired on ABS-CBN primetime series from May 26, 2003 to September 10, 2004. series starring Robin Padilla and Judy Ann Santos. The show also aired worldwide on ABS-CBN's The Filipino Channel and on a two-week delay on the International Channel (now defunct AZN-TV) in the United States.
Who Put the Bomp | Who Put The Bomp was a rock music fanzine edited and published by Greg Shaw from 1970 to 1979. Its name came from the hit 1961 doo-wop song by Barry Mann, "Who Put the Bomp". Later, the name was shortened to "Bomp!"
Bompiani | Bompiani is an Italian publishing house based in Milan, Italy. It was founded in 1929 by Valentino Bompiani.
What Color is Your Parachute? | What Color is Your Parachute? by Richard Nelson Bolles is a book for job-seekers that has been in print since 1970 and has been revised every year since 1975, sometimes substantially. Bolles initially self-published the book (December 1, 1970), but it has been commercially published since November 1972 by Ten Speed Press in Berkeley, California. As of September 28, 2010, the book is available in 22 languages, it is used in 26 countries around the world, and over ten million copies have been sold worldwide. It is one of the most highly regarded career advice books in print. In the latest edition of the book, the author writes about how to adapt one's job search to the Web 2.0 age.
Punk zine | Such amateur magazines were inspired by the rock fanzines of the early 1970s, which were inspired by zines from the science fiction fan community. Perhaps the most influential of the fanzines to cross over from science fiction fandom to rock and, later, punk rock and new wave music was Greg Shaw's "Who Put the Bomp", founded in 1970.
Warren Boroson | Warren Boroson (born January 22, 1935) is an American author and journalist. He has written over 20 books, including "How to Pick Stocks Like Warren Buffett", "Keys to Investing in Mutual Funds" and "How to Buy a House for Nothing (or Little) Down". His most recent book is "Everything You Need to Know About Investing...in 37 Pages," a book self-published through Amazon. He is also the author of "The Reverse Mortgage Advantage: The Tax-Free, House Rich Way to Retire Wealthy!" He has also written for numerous magazines, such as "New York Times Magazine", "Woman's Day", "TV Guide", "Better Homes and Gardens", "Reader's Digest", "Consumer Reports", "Family Circle", and "Cosmopolitan Magazine". His play, "Blasphemy", is about the 1697 prosecution and execution of Thomas Aikenhead for blasphemy.
Who Put the Bomp (in the Bomp, Bomp, Bomp) | "Who Put the Bomp (in the Bomp, Bomp, Bomp)" is a doo-wop style hit song from 1961 co-written (with Gerry Goffin) and recorded by Barry Mann. He was backed up by the Halos, who had previously backed Curtis Lee on "Pretty Little Angel Eyes". The song was originally released as a single on the ABC-Paramount label (10237).
He Put the Bomp! In the Bomp | He Put the Bomp! In the Bomp is a Greg Shaw tribute album released in November 2007 by Bomp Records in the USA and Vivid Sound Corporation in Japan. The album features 23 classic songs covered by different bands having in common the raw approach to rock and roll music Shaw most liked.
The Bozz Chronicles | The Bozz Chronicles , now a graphic novel, was originally a six-issue comic book series written by David Michelinie, with artwork by Bret Blevins and John Ridgway. The original series was published by Epic Comics from December 1985 - December 1986. The series was set primarily in Victorian era England and centered on the crime-solving adventures of "Bozz", an alien with a long tail and an unpronounceable name who crash-landed on Earth. Bozz partners with prostitute Amanda Flynn and American Salem Hawkshaw to solve crimes as a means of stimulating his mind and avoiding suicidal thoughts brought on by ennui. Most mysteries presented in the series were paranormal or speculative in nature, for example, resurrection, death rays, and portals to hell. In 2014, it was announced that the six issue series would finally be collected into one publication by Dover Publications in 2015.
Bomp! Records | Bomp! Records is an Los Angeles-based record label formed in 1974 by fanzine publisher and music historian Greg Shaw.
The Bodley Head | The Bodley Head is an English publishing house, founded in 1887 and existing as an independent entity until the 1970s. The name was used as an imprint of Random House Children's Books from 1987 to 2008. In April 2008, it was revived as an adult non-fiction imprint within Random House's CCV division.
The Victorians | The Victorians - Their Story In Pictures is a 2009 British documentary series which focuses on Victorian art and culture. The four-part series is written and presented by Jeremy Paxman and debuted on BBC One at 9:00pm on Sunday 15 February 2009.
Victorian (comics) | The Victorian is a 25-issue comic book series published by Penny-Farthing Press and starting in 1999. The brainchild of creator Trainor Houghton, the series included a number of notable script writers and illustrators, including Len Wein, Glen Orbik and Howard Chaykin.
The Great Victorian Collection | The Great Victorian Collection, published in 1975, is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore. Set in Carmel, California, it tells the story of a man who dreams that the empty parking lot he can see from his hotel window has been transformed by the arrival of a collection of priceless Victoriana on display in a vast open-air market. When he awakes he finds that he can no longer distinguish the dream from reality.
Victorian People | Victorian People: A Reassessment of Persons and Themes, 1851-1867 is a book by the historian Asa Briggs originally published in 1955. It is part of a trilogy that also incorporates "Victorian Cities" and "Victorian Things".
The Caxtons | The Caxtons: A Family Picture is an 1849 Victorian novel by Edward Bulwer-Lytton that was popular in its time.
What the Victorians Did for Us | What the Victorians Did for Us is a 2001 BBC documentary series that examines the impact of the Victorian era on modern society. It concentrates primarily on the scientific and social advances of the era, which bore the Industrial Revolution and set the standards for polite society today.
Lady Victorian | Lady Victorian (Japanese: レディーヴィクトリアン , Hepburn: Redeī Vikutorian ) is a manga series written and illustrated by Naoko Moto. The story is set in Victorian era. It is about the adventure of a young girl, Bluebell Lily Everrose AKA Bell, who comes to London to seek for a job as a governess. It was first published in 1998, in "Princess".
Eminent Victorians | Eminent Victorians is a book by Lytton Strachey (one of the older members of the Bloomsbury Group), first published in 1918 and consisting of biographies of four leading figures from the Victorian era. Its fame rests on the irreverence and wit Strachey brought to bear on three men and a woman who had till then been regarded as heroes and heroine. They were:
Lizzie Newton: Victorian Mysteries | Lady Detective, published in English as Lizzie Newton: Victorian Mysteries, is a Korean manhwa series, written by Hey-jin Jeon and drawn by Ki-ha Lee. It began serialization in 2011 in "Daiwon C.I." "Issue" manhwa magazine. The series revoles around the title character, a young woman from Victorian England who works as a mystery author, who also solves real-life mysteries and crimes. The series is set in the same fictional universe as the "Sherlock Holmes" stories, but in an earlier period, so Holmes is still a boy, and other Holmes characters appear as younger versions of themselves in the story.
The Victorian Internet | The Victorian Internet: The Remarkable Story of the Telegraph and the Nineteenth Century's On-Line Pioneers is a 1998 book by Tom Standage. The book was first published in September 1998 through Walker & Company and discusses the development and uses of the electric telegraph during the second half of the 19th century and some of the similarities the telegraph shared with the Internet of the late 20th century.
Tae Kwon Do Times | Tae Kwon Do Times is a magazine devoted to the martial art of taekwondo, and is published in the United States of America. While the title suggests that it focuses on taekwondo exclusively, the magazine also covers other Korean martial arts. "Tae Kwon Do Times" has published articles by a wide range of authors, including He-Young Kimm, Thomas Kurz, Scott Shaw, and Mark Van Schuyver.
Kwon Tae-man | Kwon Tae-man (born 1941) was an early Korean hapkido practitioner and a pioneer of the art, first in Korea and then in the United States. He formed one of the earliest dojang's for hapkido in the United States in Torrance, California, and has been featured in many magazine articles promoting the art.
Hee Il Cho | Cho Hee Il (born October 13, 1940) is a prominent Korean-American master of taekwondo, holding the rank of 9th "dan" in the martial art. He has written 11 martial art books, produced 70 martial art training videos, and has appeared on more than 70 martial arts magazine covers. Cho won several national and international competitions as a taekwondo competitor, and has appeared in several films, including "Fight to Win", "Best of the Best", "Bloodsport II", and "Bloodsport III". He founded the Action International Martial Arts Association (AIMAA) in 1980, and is its President. Cho is a member of both "Black Belt" magazine's Hall of Fame and "Tae Kwon Do Times" magazine's Hall of Fame.
West Coast Magazine | West Coast Magazine (1987–1998). was a three times a year Scottish literary publication consisting of poetry, short fiction, articles, essays and reviews. Founding editors were Gordon Giles, Kenny MacKenzie and Joe Murray. The proof issue appeared in October 1987 and contained some articles and poems that did not appear in official issues. West Coast Magazine (WCM) was initially funded by East Glasgow Gear Project and Glasgow City Council; ultimately funded by the Scottish Arts Council.
Southwest Art | Southwest Art is a magazine published by F+W that specializes in fine art depicting artwork of the American Southwest.
Scott Savitt | Scott Savitt is a former foreign correspondent for The Los Angeles Times and United Press International in Beijing. His articles have been published in The Los Angeles Times, Washington Post http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/04/18/AR2008041802635.html, Wall Street Journal, New York Times, and many other publications.
Scott Poulson-Bryant | Scott Poulson-Bryant is an award-winning American journalist and author. One of the co-founding editors of Vibe magazine in 1992 (and the editor who gave the magazine its name), Poulson-Bryant's journalism, profiles, reviews, and essays have appeared in such publications as the "New York Times", "the Village Voice", "Rolling Stone", "Spin", "Essence", "Ebony", and "The Source". He is the author of "HUNG: A Meditation on the Measure of Black Men in America" (published by Doubleday Books in 2006) and a novel called "The VIPs".
Gwendolyn DuBois Shaw | Gwendolyn DuBois Shaw (born September 26, 1968) is an art historian, curator, and professor of American art at the University of Pennsylvania. She has curated major exhibitions and published several books on African American art. She is the current Visual Arts Editor of "Transition Magazine".
Houston City Magazine | Houston City Magazine was launched in 1977 as "In Houston City News Monthly" and was published for 10 years. Founded by R. D. (Dave) Walker, publisher and editor, and aided by key team members Ali Khan, Curtis Lang, and Jan Vanschuyver Walker, the first issue of 116 pages was successfully launched with a 300,000 direct mail charter subscription offer that pulled a response rate of double the industry standard of 2%. The original name was chosen because a d/b/a had already been formed under the name Houston City Magazine by David Crossley and Tom Curtis (although they had not actually published a magazine by this title). A 51% interest in the magazine was purchased by "Texas Parade" in 1978, and upon the hiring of Crossley and Curtis it was subsequently re-titled "Houston City Magazine." The magazine was purchased by Francois de Menil in 1979. In 1982 it was purchased by Southwest Media Corporation of Texas, owned by Ray Lee Hunt of Dallas. Southwest Media also owned "D Magazine" of Dallas, "Texas Homes" and "Sport Magazine". In 1987, during a major downturn in Houston's economy, the magazine was sold to "Texas Monthly," who then killed one of their two major competitors (the other being "D Magazine" in Dallas). The prints and negatives associated with articles published in "Houston City Magazine" from 1978 to 1986 are now part of the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas in Austin.
Jim Hogshire | James Frederick Hogshire (born 1958 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a counterculture author of magazine articles, short stories, and a number of books. His works have been published in such magazines as "Harper's", "Gentleman's Quarterly", "Details", "Esquire", "CovertAction Quarterly", "Omni", "FAIR", "The Animal's Agenda", and "Lies of Our Times".
1972 FA Charity Shield | The 1972 FA Charity Shield was contested between Manchester City and Aston Villa.
1968 FA Charity Shield | The 1968 FA Charity Shield was a football match played on 3 August 1968 between Football League champions Manchester City and FA Cup winners West Bromwich Albion. It was the 46th Charity Shield match and was played at City's home ground, Maine Road. Manchester City won 6–1.
1973 FA Charity Shield | The 1973 FA Charity Shield was contested between Burnley and Manchester City in a fixture that took place at Maine Road.
1956 FA Charity Shield | The 1956 FA Charity Shield was the 34th FA Charity Shield, an annual football match held between the winners of the previous season's Football League and FA Cup competitions. The match was contested by Manchester United, who had won the 1955–56 Football League, and Manchester City, who had won the 1955–56 FA Cup, at Maine Road, Manchester, on 24 October 1956. Manchester United won the match 1–0, Dennis Viollet scoring the winning goal. Manchester United goalkeeper David Gaskell made his debut for the club during the game, taking the place of injured goalkeeper Ray Wood, and, at the age of 16 years and 19 days, became the youngest player ever to play for the club.
1922 FA Charity Shield | The 1922 Football Association Charity Shield was played on 10 May 1922. The game was played at Old Trafford, home of Manchester United, and was contested by the FA Cup holders Huddersfield Town and First Division champions Liverpool. The game ended in a 1–0 win for Huddersfield Town with the winning goal scored by Tom Wilson.
1994 FA Charity Shield | The 1994 FA Charity Shield was the 72nd FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. The match was played on 14 August 1994 at Wembley Stadium and contested by Manchester United, who had won the league and cup Double in 1993–94, and Blackburn Rovers, who had finished as runners-up in the Premier League. Manchester United won the match 2–0 with goals from Eric Cantona and Paul Ince, with seven players booked due to a new clampdown imposed by referees.
1969 FA Charity Shield | The 1969 FA Charity Shield was the 47th FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Football League and FA Cup competitions. The match was contested by the league champions, Leeds United, and Manchester City, the cup winners. Leeds won the match 2–1, with goals from Eddie Gray and Jack Charlton. Colin Bell scored a consolation for City.
1937 FA Charity Shield | The 1937 FA Charity Shield was the 24th FA Charity Shield, a football match between the winners of the previous season's First Division and FA Cup competitions. The match was contested by league champions Manchester City and FA Cup winners Sunderland, and was played at Maine Road, the home ground of Manchester City. Manchester City won the game, 2–0.
1967 FA Charity Shield | The 1967 FA Charity Shield was the 45th FA Charity Shield, an annual football match held between the winners of the previous season's Football League and FA Cup competitions. The match was contested by Manchester United, who had won the 1966–67 Football League, and Tottenham Hotspur, who had won the 1966–67 FA Cup, at Old Trafford, Manchester, on 12 August 1967. The match was drawn 3–3, which meant that the two clubs shared the Shield, holding it for six months each. Bobby Charlton scored two goals for United, while Denis Law scored their third. Jimmy Robertson and Frank Saul scored for Spurs, but the match is most famous for Tottenham's second goal, which was scored by goalkeeper Pat Jennings. Ball in hand, Jennings punted it downfield, only for it to bounce in front of United goalkeeper Alex Stepney, over his head and into the goal.
1965 FA Charity Shield | The 1965 FA Charity Shield was the 43rd FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's First Division and FA Cup competitions. The match was played on 14 August 1965 at Old Trafford, Manchester and contested by Manchester United, who had won the 1964–65 First Division, and Liverpool, who had won the 1964–65 FA Cup. The teams played out a 2–2 draw and shared the Charity Shield.
Columbia Center | The Columbia Center, formerly named the Bank of America Tower and Columbia Seafirst Center, is a skyscraper in downtown Seattle, Washington. The 76-story structure is the tallest building in Seattle and the state of Washington, reaching a height of 937 ft . At the time of its completion, the Columbia Center was the tallest structure on the West Coast; as of 2017 , it is the fourth-tallest, behind buildings in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
Bank of America Tower (Phoenix) | The Bank of America Tower is a highrise in downtown Phoenix, Arizona. The tower is the centerpiece of the Collier Center, a multi-use office and entertainment complex. The tower was completed in 2000 and serves as the state headquarters for Bank of America. It rises 360 feet (110 m), topping out at 23 floors. It was designed in the postmodern style by Opus Architects and Engineers.
Bank of America Plaza (St. Louis) | The Bank of America Plaza is an award-winning skyscraper located in Downtown St. Louis, Missouri. Formerly Boatmen's Bancshares of St. Louis and First National Bank, the tower is 384 ft (117m) tall and has 31 floors. Built in 1982, it comprises 750000 sqft , and has a view of the downtown skyline. It is the fourth largest office building in Downtown St. Louis.
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta) | Bank of America Plaza is a skyscraper located in between Midtown Atlanta and Downtown Atlanta. At 312 m , the tower is the 96th-tallest building in the world. It is the 14th tallest building in the U.S., the tallest building in Georgia and the tallest building in any U.S. state capital, overtaking the 250 m (820 ft), 50 story One Atlantic Center in height, which previously held the record as Georgia's tallest building. It has 55 stories of office space and was completed in 1992, when it was called NationsBank Plaza. Originally intended to be the headquarters for Citizens & Southern National Bank (which merged with Sovran Bank during construction), it became NationsBank's property following its formation in the 1991 hostile takeover of C&S/Sovran by NCNB.
Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville) | Bank of America Tower (originally Barnett Center) is a skyscraper in the downtown area of Jacksonville, Florida, at the northwest corner of Bay and Laura streets. At 617 ft , it is the tallest building in Jacksonville, and the eleventh-tallest in Florida (the tallest ten all being in Miami). It was built as the headquarters of Barnett Bank and originally named Barnett Center, but the name was changed in 1996 when Barnett was acquired by NationsBank, which soon merged with Bank of America. The 42-floor structure was designed by German-American architect Helmut Jahn, and is constructed of reinforced concrete.
Empire State Building | The Empire State Building is a 102-story skyscraper located on Fifth Avenue between West 33rd and 34th Streets in Midtown, Manhattan, New York City. It has a roof height of 1,250 feet (381 m), and with its antenna included, it stands a total of 1454 ft tall. Its name is derived from the nickname for New York, the Empire State.
555 California Street | 555 California Street, formerly Bank of America Center, is a 52-story 779 ft skyscraper in San Francisco, California. It is the fourth tallest building in the city, the largest by floor area, and a focal point of the Financial District. It is the 69th tallest building in the United States, one foot taller than One Worldwide Plaza in New York City and just 1 foot shorter than the 68th tallest building in the USA, which is also owned by Bank of America, the Bank of America Center in Houston, Texas at 780 ft (238 m), and just 2 feet shorter that the 67th tallest building in the USA, 30 Hudson Street in Jersey City, New Jersey at 781 ft (238 m). Some sites round the heights of all four buildings to 780 ft (238 m) making those four buildings tied as the 67th tallest buildings in the country.
Bank of America Plaza (Dallas) | Bank of America Plaza is a 72-story, 280.7 m late-modernist skyscraper located in the Main Street District of downtown Dallas, Texas. It is the tallest skyscraper in the city, the 3rd tallest in Texas and the 30th tallest in the United States. It contains 1900000 sqft of office space. The building was designed by JPJ Architects and developed by Bramalea Limited of Toronto. The original owner was a joint venture arrangement including Prudential Insurance, Bramalea Limited, and First National Bank of Dallas under parent company InterFirst Corporation. Construction commenced in 1983 and the tower was completed in 1985.
Bank of America Plaza (Tampa) | The Bank of America Plaza is a 42-story skyscraper located in Downtown Tampa, in the U.S. state of Florida, and was completed in 1986. At 175.87 m , it surpassed One Tampa City Center as the tallest building in Tampa, until completion of 100 North Tampa in 1992. The structure was originally known as Barnett Plaza. The structure contains around 20000 sqft of rentable space per typical floor with a total of 783930 sqft of rentable space.
111 Westminster Street | 111 Westminster Street (formerly the Bank of America Building, officially known as the Industrial National Bank Building, and commonly referred to as the Superman Building) is the tallest building in the city of Providence, Rhode Island, the tallest in the state of Rhode Island, and the 28th tallest in New England. Standing at 428 ft with 26 floors, the building occupies a footprint on the eastern periphery of Kennedy Plaza.
Rosario Dawson | Rosario Isabel Dawson (born May 9, 1979) is an American actress, producer, singer, comic book writer, and political activist. She made her film debut in the 1995 teen drama "Kids". Her subsequent film roles include "He Got Game", "Men in Black II", "25th Hour", "Rent", "Sin City", "Death Proof", "Seven Pounds", "", and "Top Five". Dawson has also provided voice-over work for Disney and DC.
Sarai Gonzalez | Sarai Isaura Gonzalez (born 2005) is an American Latina child actress who made her professional debut at the age of 11 on the Spanish-language ""Soy Yo"" ("That's Me") music video by Bomba Estéreo. Cast as a "nerdy" tween with a "sassy" and "confident" attitude, her performance turned her into a "Latina icon" for "female empowerment, identity and self-worth". She subsequently appeared in two get out the vote videos for Latinos in advance of the 2016 United States elections.
Gabriela (2001 film) | Gabriela is a 2001 American romance film, starring Seidy Lopez in the title role alongside Jaime Gomez as her admirer Mike. The film has been cited as an inspiration behind the Premiere Weekend Club, which supports Latino film-making.
Manelly Zepeda | Manelly Zepeda is a Hispanic-American actress who made her debut in "How to Be a Latin Lover" (2017).
Maribel Martín | She made her acting debut at age seven in the film "Tres de la Cruz Roja" (1961),a film directed by Fernando Palacios. She had a career as a child actress in films like: "La Gran Familia" (1962), by Fernando Palacios and "El Camino" (1963) directed by Ana Mariscal.
Voto Latino | Voto Latino is a nonpartisan, non-profit organization in the United States founded in 2004. The organization's primary aim is to encourage young Hispanic and Latino voters to register to vote and become more politically involved. The organization was co-founded by Rosario Dawson, and Phil Colon. The current president is Maria Teresa Kumar.
Alexa Vega | Alexa Ellesse PenaVega (née Vega; born August 27, 1988) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her role as Carmen Cortez in the "Spy Kids" film series and Shilo Wallace in the film "Repo! The Genetic Opera" (2008). In 2009, she starred as the title character Ruby Gallagher in the ABC Family series "Ruby & the Rockits".
Yvonne DeLaRosa | Yvonne DeLaRosa is an American actress, best known for her role on the Imagen award-winning series "Los Americans", Yvonne has appeared in films such as "Helter Skelter", "Mystery Woman: Snapshot", and "The Sorrow", in addition to landing roles on TV shows, including "How I Met Your Mother", "NCIS (TV series)", "Weeds", and "The King of Queens". She has been heralded as 'The face of the new wave of Latino talent' by "Jimmy Smits". She is also a serial entrepreneur of two successive cannabis dispensaries.
Girl in Progress | Girl in Progress is a 2012 American drama film directed by Patricia Riggen. The film received a limited release on May 11, 2012. Originally, the film was scheduled for release on April 27, 2012, but was postponed until May 11, 2012 to avoid competition with "The Pirates! Band of Misfits". The film received the Favorite Movie Award at the 2012 ALMA Awards, which honors the accomplishments made by Hispanics in film, television, and music. Cierra Ramirez won the Favorite Movie Actress Supporting Role Award.
Mario Ernesto Sánchez | Mario Ernesto Sánchez founded Teatro Avante, a Hispanic theatre, in 1979 in Florida. He played various bit parts on "Miami Vice" and in Hollywood movies, including "Invasion U.S.A." (1985) and "The Specialist" (1994).
Michael Biehn | Michael Connell Biehn (born July 31, 1956) is an American actor, primarily known for his military roles in science fiction films directed by James Cameron; as Sgt. Kyle Reese in "The Terminator" (1984), Cpl. Dwayne Hicks in "Aliens" (1986) and Lt. Coffey in "The Abyss" (1989). He was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Actor for "Aliens." His other films include "The Fan" (1981), "K2" (1991), "Tombstone" (1993), "The Rock" (1996), "" (2001) and "Planet Terror" (2007). On television, he has appeared in "Hill Street Blues" (1984) and "Adventure Inc." (2002-03).
Quintin Sondergaard | Quentin Charles Sondergaard, known primarily as Quintin Sondergaard (January 11, 1925 – February 15, 1984), was an American actor principally active on television westerns from 1957-70. He had a supporting role with eleven appearances as "Deputy Quint" on the series "Tombstone Territory", with co-stars Pat Conway, Richard Eastham, and Gilman Rankin. "Tombstone Territory" began in 1957 on ABC and then switched to syndication in 1959.
John Philbin | John Philbin (born April 27, 1960) is an American actor who is best known for his appearances in the films "Return of the Living Dead", "Point Break" and "Tombstone".
Pat Conway | Patrick Douglas Conway (January 9, 1931 – April 24, 1981) was an American actor best known for his starring role as young but tough Sheriff Clay Hollister on the ABC and then syndicated western television series "Tombstone Territory" (1957–1960). He was a maternal grandson of silent film star Francis X. Bushman (1883–1966).
Powers Boothe | Powers Allen Boothe (June 1, 1948 – May 14, 2017) was an American television and film actor. Some of his most notable roles include his Emmy-winning portrayal of Jim Jones in "" and his turns as TV detective Philip Marlowe in the 1980s, Cy Tolliver on "Deadwood", "Curly Bill" Brocious in "Tombstone", Vice-President and subsequently President Noah Daniels on "24", and Lamar Wyatt in "Nashville".
Lonnie Burr | Lonnie Burr (born May 31, 1943) is an American actor, dancer/choreographer, singer, director and author, best known for having been a star on the original "Mickey Mouse Club" television show from 1955 to 1959.
Florence Wix | Florence Wix, also known as Flo Wix (May 16, 1883 – November 23, 1956) was an English-born American character actress who worked from the 1920s in silent films through sound films of the 1950s. Born on May 16, 1883 in Hertfordshire in England, she would make her screen debut in the 1924 film "Secrets", starring Betty Compson and Noah Beery. While some sources indicate that she appeared in over 100 films, the American Film Institute Database only has her listed in 48. Some of the more notable films she appeared in include: "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (1939), starring James Stewart, Jean Arthur, and Claude Rains; William Wyler's 1942 classic drama, "Mrs. Miniver", starring Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon; and 1947's comedy, "The Farmer's Daughter", starring Loretta Young, Joseph Cotten, and Ethel Barrymore. Her final screen appearance would be in "The Story of Three Loves" (1953). Wix died on November 23, 1956 in the Woodland Hills area of Los Angeles, California, and was buried at Hollywood Forever Cemetery.
Tombstone (film) | Tombstone is a 1993 American Western film directed by George P. Cosmatos, written by Kevin Jarre (who was also the original director, but was replaced early in production), and starring Kurt Russell and Val Kilmer, with Sam Elliott, Bill Paxton, Powers Boothe, Michael Biehn, and Dana Delany in supporting roles, as well as narration by Robert Mitchum.
Sam Elliott | Samuel Pack Elliott (born August 9, 1944) is an American actor. His lanky physique, thick moustache, deep and resonant voice, and Western drawl have led to frequent roles as cowboys and ranchers. His other credits over the years have included playing The Stranger in "The Big Lebowski" (1998), Gar in "Mask" (1985), General John Buford in "Gettysburg" (1993), Virgil Earp in "Tombstone" (1993), Sergeant Major Basil L. Plumley in "We Were Soldiers" (2002) and Marvel Comics characters Thunderbolt Ross in "Hulk" (2003) and The Caretaker in "Ghost Rider" (2007).
Julia Hurley (actress) | Julia R. Hurley (1848, "per her tombstone"June 4, 1927) was an American actress who found popularity in her senior years in silent films. She is best remembered today as the 'landlady with the lamp' in the John Barrymore classic "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" 1920, a role for which she is uncredited. This film is her most readily available film today.
Battle of Kursk | The Battle of Kursk was a Second World War engagement between German and Soviet forces on the Eastern Front near Kursk (450 km south-west of Moscow) in the Soviet Union during July and August 1943. The battle began with the launch of the German offensive, Operation Citadel (German: "Unternehmen Zitadelle" ), on 5 July, which had the objective of pinching off the Kursk salient with attacks on the base of the salient from north and south simultaneously. After the German offensive stalled on the northern side of the salient, on 12 July the Soviets commenced their Kursk Strategic Offensive Operation with the launch of Operation Kutuzov (Russian: Кутузов ) against the rear of the German forces in the northern side. On the southern side, the Soviets also launched powerful counterattacks the same day, one of which led to a large armoured clash, the Battle of Prokhorovka. On 3 August, the Soviets began the second phase of the Kursk Strategic Offensive Operation with the launch of Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev (Russian: Полководец Румянцев ) against the German forces in the southern side of the Kursk salient.
Operation Mars | Operation Mars, also known as the Second Rzhev-Sychevka Offensive Operation (Russian: Вторая Ржевско-Сычёвская наступательная операция), was the codename for an offensive launched by Soviet forces against German forces during World War II. It took place between 25 November and 20 December 1942 around the Rzhev salient in the vicinity of Moscow.
Kholm Pocket | The Kholm Pocket (German: "Kessel von Cholm" ; Russian: Холмский котёл ) was the name given for the encirclement of German troops by the Red Army around Kholm south of Leningrad, during World War II on the Eastern Front, from 23 January 1942 until 5 May 1942. A much larger pocket was simultaneously surrounded in Demyansk, about 100 km to the northeast. These were the results of German retreat following their defeat during the Battle of Moscow.
Operation Bagration | Operation "Bagration" ( ; Russian: Oперация Багратио́н , Operatsiya "Bagration") was the codename for the Soviet 1944 Belorussian Strategic Offensive Operation, (Russian: Белорусская наступательная операция «Багратион» , Belorusskaya nastupatelnaya Operatsiya "Bagration") a military campaign fought between 22 June and 19 August 1944 in Soviet Byelorussia in the Eastern Front of World War II. The Soviet Union achieved a major victory by destroying the German Army Group Centre and completely rupturing the German front line.
Operation Uranus | Operation "Uranus" (Russian: Опера́ция «Ура́н», romanised: "Operatsiya "Uran"" ) was the codename of the Soviet 19–23 November 1942 strategic operation in World War II which led to the encirclement of the German Sixth Army, the Third and Fourth Romanian armies, and portions of the German Fourth Panzer Army. The operation formed part of the ongoing Battle of Stalingrad, and was aimed at destroying German forces in and around Stalingrad. Planning for Operation "Uranus" had commenced in September 1942, and was developed simultaneously with plans to envelop and destroy German Army Group Center and German forces in the Caucasus. The Red Army took advantage of the German army's poor preparation for winter, and the fact that its forces in the southern Soviet Union were overstretched near Stalingrad, using weaker Romanian troops to guard their flanks; the offensives' starting points were established along the section of the front directly opposite Romanian forces. These Axis armies lacked heavy equipment to deal with Soviet armor.
Operation Citadel | Operation Citadel (German: "Unternehmen Zitadelle" ) was a German offensive operation against Soviet forces in the Kursk salient during the Second World War on the Eastern Front that initiated the Battle of Kursk. The deliberate defensive operation that the Soviets implemented to repel the German offensive is referred to as the Kursk Strategic Defensive Operation. The German offensive was countered by two Soviet counter-offensives, Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev (Russian: Полководец Румянцев ) and Operation Kutuzov (Russian: Кутузов ). For the Germans, the battle was the final strategic offensive that they were able to launch on the Eastern Front. As the Allied invasion of Sicily began Adolf Hitler was forced to divert troops training in France to meet the Allied threats in the Mediterranean, rather than use them as a strategic reserve for the Eastern Front. Germany's extensive loss of men and tanks ensured that the victorious Soviet Red Army enjoyed the strategic initiative for the remainder of the war.
Battle of Voronezh (1942) | The Battle of Voronezh, or First Battle of Voronezh, was a battle on the Eastern Front of World War II, fought in and around the strategically important city of Voronezh on the Don river, 450 km south of Moscow, from 28 June-24 July 1942, as opening move of the German summer offensive in 1942.
Tallinn Offensive | The Tallinn Offensive (Russian: Таллинская наступательная операция ) was a strategic offensive by the Red Army's 2nd Shock and 8th Armies and the Baltic Fleet against the German Army Detachment "Narwa" and Estonian units in mainland Estonia on the Eastern Front of World War II on 17–26 September 1944. Its German counterpart was the abandonment of the Estonian territory in a retreat codenamed Operation Aster (German: Unternehmen Aster).
Operation Star | Operation Star or Operation Zvesda (Russian: Звезда , 'Star' ) was a Red Army offensive on the Eastern Front of World War II begun on 2 February 1943. The attack was the responsibility of the Voronezh Front under the command of Filipp Golikov. Its main objectives were the cities of Kharkov and Kursk. While initially successful in capturing both cities, the Soviets overextended themselves, allowing German Field Marshal Erich von Manstein to launch a counteroffensive and inflict a defeat on the Soviets in the Third Battle of Kharkov.
Battle of the Caucasus | The Battle of the Caucasus is a name given to a series of Axis and Soviet operations in the Caucasus area on the Eastern Front of World War II. On 25 July 1942, German troops captured Rostov-on-Don, Russia, opening the Caucasus region of southern Soviet Union, and the oil fields beyond at Maikop, Grozny, and ultimately Baku, to the Germans. Two days prior, Adolf Hitler issued a directive to launch such an operation into the Caucasus region, to be named Operation Edelweiß.
Kerry Condon | Kerry Condon (born 4 January 1983) is an Irish television and film actress, best known for her role as Octavia of the Julii in the HBO/BBC series "Rome," as Stacey Ehrmantraut in AMC's "Better Call Saul" and as the voice of F.R.I.D.A.Y. in various films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. She is also the youngest actress ever to play Ophelia in a Royal Shakespeare Company production of "Hamlet."
Corona Riccardo | Corona Riccardo (c. 1878October 15, 1917) was an Italian born American actress who had a brief Broadway stage career before leaving to become a wife and mother. Born in Naples she came to acting in 1894 playing a Mexican girl in a play at the Empire Theatre. Wilson Barrett engaged her for a role in his play "The Sign of the Cross" which he took on tour of the United States. Riccardo played the role of Ancaria and later played Berenice in the same play. Robert B. Mantell in 1898 who struck by her beauty also cast her in two Shakespeare plays, "Romeo and Juliet" and "Othello". Author Lewis Strang writing in 1899 said Riccardo was the most promising actress in America at the time. Towards the end of 1898 Mantell chose her for another Shakespeare part, Ophelia im Hamlet. Afterwards she was due to join Augustin Daly's Theatre Company but Daly died in 1899. In 1899 she gained her biggest fame by playing Iras in the first stage production of Ben-Hur.
Judi Dench | Dame Judith Olivia "Judi" Dench, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 9 December 1934) is an English actress and author. Dench made her professional debut in 1957 with the Old Vic Company. Over the following few years, she performed in several of Shakespeare's plays in such roles as Ophelia in "Hamlet", Juliet in "Romeo and Juliet", and Lady Macbeth in "Macbeth". Although most of her work during this period was in theatre, she also branched into film work and won a BAFTA Award as Most Promising Newcomer. She drew strong reviews for her leading role in the musical "Cabaret" in 1968.
Tara Fitzgerald | Tara Fitzgerald (born 18 September 1967) is an English actress who has appeared in feature films, television, radio and the stage. She won the New York Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play in 1995 as Ophelia opposite Ralph Fiennes in "Hamlet". She won the Best Actress Award at The Reims International Television Festival in 1999 for her role of Lady Dona St Columb in "Frenchman's Creek". Fitzgerald's appeared in the West End production of "The Misanthrope" at the Comedy Theatre with Damian Lewis and Keira Knightley, and in Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's House" at the Donmar Warehouse. Since 2007, Fitzgerald has appeared in more than 30 episodes of the BBC television series "Waking the Dead" and played the role of Selyse Baratheon in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".
Judi Dench filmography | Dame Judi Dench is an English actress who has worked in theater, television, and film. Dench made her professional debut in 1957 with the Old Vic Company. Over the following few years she played in several of Shakespeare's plays in such roles as Ophelia in "Hamlet", Juliet in "Romeo and Juliet" and Lady Macbeth in "Macbeth". She branched into film work, and won a BAFTA Award as Most Promising Newcomer; however, most of her work during this period was in theatre.
Hazel Terry | Hazel Terry (born Hazel M. Neilson-Terry; 23 January 1918 – 12 October 1974) was an English actress. A member of the theatrical dynasty the Terry family she had a successful stage career, and also made some cinema films. Among her roles was Ophelia in "Hamlet" opposite her cousin John Gielgud.
Stella Gonet | Stella Gonet (born 8 May 1960) is a Scottish theatre, film and television actress. She is known for her roles in the BBC dramas "The House of Eliott" (1991–94) and "Holby City" (2007–09). Her stage credits include playing Ophelia in the 1989 National Theatre revival of "Hamlet", opposite both Daniel Day-Lewis and Ian Charleston as Hamlet, and playing Margaret Thatcher in the original West End production of "Handbagged" (2014).
Hamlet (1996 film) | Hamlet is a 1996 film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet", adapted for the screen and directed by Kenneth Branagh, who also stars in the titular role as Prince Hamlet. The film also features Derek Jacobi as King Claudius, Julie Christie as Queen Gertrude, Kate Winslet as Ophelia, Michael Maloney as Laertes, Richard Briers as Polonius, and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio. Other notable appearances include Robin Williams, Gérard Depardieu, Jack Lemmon, Billy Crystal, Rufus Sewell, Charlton Heston, Richard Attenborough, Judi Dench, John Gielgud and Ken Dodd.
Hamlet (1969 film) | Hamlet is a 1969 British film adaptation of Shakespeare's play "Hamlet", starring Nicol Williamson as Prince Hamlet. It was directed by Tony Richardson and based on his own stage production at the Roundhouse theater in London. The film also stars Anthony Hopkins as King Claudius, Judy Parfitt as Queen Gertrude, Marianne Faithfull as Ophelia, Mark Dignam as Polonius, Gordon Jackson as Horatio, and Michael Pennington as Laertes.
Kate Winslet filmography | Kate Winslet is a British actress and singer who has appeared in numerous films and television series. Her film debut was as Juliet Hulme in the 1994 film "Heavenly Creatures". She went on to appear in the later 1990s films "Sense and Sensibility" as Marianne Dashwood (1995), which earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, "Jude" as Sue Bridehead (1996), "Hamlet" as Ophelia (1996) and "Titanic" as Rose DeWitt Bukater (1997). For her role in "Titanic", it earned her Best Actress nominations for an Academy Award, Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award.
The Sword in the Stone (film) | The Sword in the Stone is a 1963 American animated musical fantasy comedy film produced by Walt Disney and released by Buena Vista Distribution. The 18th Disney animated feature film, it was the final Disney animated film to be released before Walt Disney's death. The songs in the film were written and composed by the Sherman Brothers, who later wrote music for other Disney films like "Mary Poppins" (1964), "The Jungle Book" (1967), "The Aristocats" (1970), and "Bedknobs and Broomsticks" (1971).
A Symposium on Popular Songs | A Symposium on Popular Songs is a special cartoon featurette made by Walt Disney Productions in 1962. It features songs written by the Sherman Brothers with music arrangements by Tutti Camarata. The Shermans also co-wrote the screenplay but are not credited for this. Host Ludwig Von Drake invites his audience into his mansion where he tells all about popular music through the years, introducing several songs illustrated with stop-motion photography. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. It was released on DVD in 2005 as part of the Walt Disney Treasures set "Disney Rarities".
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day | Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is a 1968 animated featurette based on the third, fifth, ninth, and tenth chapters from "Winnie-the-Pooh" and the second, eighth, and ninth chapters from "The House at Pooh Corner" by A. A. Milne. The featurette was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution Company on December 20, 1968 as a double feature with "The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit". This was the second of the studio's Winnie the Pooh shorts. It was later added as a segment to the 1977 film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh". The music was written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman. It was notable for being the last animated short produced by Walt Disney, who died during its production.
Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree | Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree is a 1966 animated featurette based on the first two chapters of the book "Winnie-the-Pooh" by A. A. Milne. The film combines live-action and animation, and was produced by Walt Disney Productions. Its songs were written by the Sherman Brothers (Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman) and the score was composed and conducted by Buddy Baker.
Robert B. Sherman | Robert Bernard Sherman (December 19, 1925 – March 6, 2012) was an American songwriter who specialized in musical films with his brother Richard Morton Sherman. According to the official Walt Disney Company website and independent fact checkers, "the Sherman Brothers were responsible for more motion picture musical song scores than any other songwriting team in film history." Some of the Sherman Brothers' best known songs were incorporated into live action and animation musical films including: "Mary Poppins", "The Jungle Book", "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh", "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "The Slipper and the Rose", and "Charlotte's Web". Their most well known work, however, remains the theme park song "It's a Small World (After All)". According to Time.com, this song is the most performed song of all time.
Richard M. Sherman | Richard Morton Sherman (born June 12, 1928) is an American songwriter who specialized in musical films with his brother Robert Bernard Sherman. According to the official Walt Disney Company website and independent fact checkers, "the Sherman Brothers were responsible for more motion picture musical song scores than any other songwriting team in film history." Some of the Sherman Brothers' best known songs were incorporated into live action and animation musical films including: "Mary Poppins", "The Jungle Book", "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh", "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "Snoopy Come Home", "Bedknobs and Broomsticks", "The Slipper and the Rose", and "Charlotte's Web". Their most well known work, however, remains the theme park song "It's a Small World (After All)". According to Time.com, this song is the most performed song of all time.
The Boys: The Sherman Brothers' Story | The Boys: The Sherman Brothers' Story is a 2009 American documentary film about the Sherman Brothers (Richard M. and Robert B.) The film is directed and produced by their sons, Gregory V. Sherman and Jeff Sherman, and released through Walt Disney Pictures. Ben Stiller acted as executive producer for the film.
Heffalumps and Woozles | "Heffalumps and Woozles" is a song from the 1968 Walt Disney musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day". It was written by the Sherman Brothers, and performed by The Mellomen. It is also in the 1977 full-length feature film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band | The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band is a 1968 American musical film from Walt Disney Productions based on a biography by Laura Bower Van Nuys, directed by Michael O'Herlihy, with original music and lyrics by the Sherman Brothers. Set against the backdrop of the 1888 presidential election, the film portrays the musically talented Bower family, American pioneers who settle in the Dakota Territory.
Mary Poppins (film) | Mary Poppins is a 1964 American musical-fantasy film directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Walt Disney, with songs written and composed by the Sherman Brothers. The screenplay is by Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi, loosely based on P. L. Travers' book series "Mary Poppins". The film, which combines live-action and animation, stars Julie Andrews in the role of Mary Poppins who visits a dysfunctional family in London and employs her unique brand of lifestyle to improve the family's dynamic. Dick Van Dyke, David Tomlinson, and Glynis Johns are featured in supporting roles. The film was shot entirely at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California using painted London background scenes.
Samantha Cristoforetti | Samantha Cristoforetti (] ; born 26 April 1977 in Milan) is an Italian European Space Agency astronaut, Italian Air Force pilot and engineer. She holds the record for the longest uninterrupted spaceflight of a European astronaut (199 days, 16 hours), and until June 2017 held the record for the longest single space flight by a woman until this was broken by Peggy Whitson. She is also the first Italian woman in space. Samantha Cristoforetti is also known as the first person who brewed an espresso coffee in space.
ISSpresso | ISSpresso is the first espresso coffee machine designed for use in space, produced for the International Space Station by Argotec and Lavazza in a public-private partnership with the Italian Space Agency (ASI). The first espresso coffee was drunk in space by astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti on 3 May 2015. ISSpresso is one of nine experiments selected by the Italian Space Agency for the Futura mission.
Mark Shuttleworth | Mark Richard Shuttleworth (born 18 September 1973) is a South African entrepreneur who is the founder and CEO of Canonical Ltd., the company behind the development of the Linux-based Ubuntu operating system. In 2002, he became the first citizen of an independent African country to travel to space as a space tourist. He currently lives on the Isle of Man and holds dual citizenship from South Africa and the United Kingdom.
Salilyn 'N Erin's Shameless | Ch. Salilyn 'N Erin's Shameless (born 1995) also known as Samantha, was an English Springer Spaniel, best known for being Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show in February 2000. Her sire was Ch. Salilyn's Condor, Best in Show winner at Westminster in 1993, Samantha became the first offspring of a previous Best in Show winner at Westminster to take the same prize.
Samantha Briggs | Samantha "Sam" Briggs (born 14 March 1982) is a CrossFit athlete best known for winning the CrossFit Games in 2013. She has qualified for the CrossFit Games four additional times: in 2010, 2011, 2015, and in 2016 (she failed to qualify in 2014 due to a poor performance on the handstand walk event at the European regional competition). She finished four of her five appearances in the top 5 overall. Briggs lived and trained in Miami, USA for the 2015 CrossFit season, but now resides in her native England.
Cecil J. Shuttleworth | Cecil John Shuttleworth (March 24, 1892 – May 23, 1963) was an American prison administrator. He was the first Associate Warden of Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary under James A. Johnston from 1934, both men were known for their strict discipline and known as "iron men". A few years later he became associate warden of Leavenworth in Kansas and on January 1, 1942 became warden of the Prison Camps/Federal Correctional Institution, Milan.
Honeybus | Honeybus were a 1960s pop group formed in April 1967, in London. They are best known for their 1968 UK Top 10 hit single, "I Can't Let Maggie Go", written by Pete Dello who also composed their previous single "(Do I Figure) In Your Life", later recorded by Dave Berry, Ian Matthews, Joe Cocker, Dave Stewart, Paul Carrack, Samantha Jones, Dana and Pierce Turner.
Samantha Rose | Samantha Rose (born 1954 in Jamaica) was a lovers rock reggae singer, who was active from the mid 1970s to the beginning of the 1990s. She recorded in London for producers that included Winston Curtis and Les Cliff and is perhaps best known for her interpretation of Marlena Shaw's version of the much covered "Go Away Little Boy" and for her cover of "Angel of the Morning". Other successes included her duet with Les Cliff "Together in Love", and with Ray Mondo on "Easy Lovin'".
Samantha Taylor | Samantha Taylor (born Myroslava Lastivka Lydia Luciw in Toronto in 1958) is a Canadian radio and television personality. She is perhaps best known as the host of the popular CBC Television music video program "Video Hits" from 1984 to 1989.
William Shuttleworth | William Shuttleworth (1834 – March 3, 1903) was a Canadian baseball player and executive. He helped to develop the Young Canadians of Hamilton, the first known organized Canadian baseball team, in 1854, and was the club's president by 1860. Shuttleworth held the same role for the Maple Leaf club, and was vice-president of the Canadian Base Ball Association. Along with his executive roles and an extended playing career, he was an umpire in the 1860s. Shuttleworth has been inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame and the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame.
Eric Davis (baseball) | Eric Keith Davis (born May 29, 1962) is a former center fielder for several Major League Baseball teams. Davis was 21 years old when he broke into the big leagues on May 19, 1984 with the Cincinnati Reds, the team for which he is most remembered. Blessed with a rare combination of excellent foot speed and bat speed, Davis became the first major league player to hit at least 30 home runs and steal at least 50 bases in the same season in 1987.
Willie Davis (baseball) | William Henry Davis, Jr. (April 15, 1940 – March 9, 2010) was a center fielder in Major League Baseball who played most of his career for the Los Angeles Dodgers. At the end of his career he ranked seventh in major league history in putouts (5449) and total chances (5719) in the outfield, and third in games in center field (2237). He was ninth in National League history in total outfield games (2274), and won Gold Glove Awards from 1971 to 1973. He had 13 seasons of 20 or more stolen bases, led the NL in triples twice, and retired with the fourth most triples (138) by any major leaguer since 1945. He holds Los Angeles club records (1958–present) for career hits (2091), runs (1004), triples (110), at bats (7495), total bases (3094) and extra base hits (585). His 31-game hitting streak in 1969 remains the longest by a Dodger. At one point during the streak, when the team was playing at home, the big message board at Dodger Stadium quoted a message from a telegram sent to Davis and the team from Zack Wheat, the team's former record holder, at his home in Missouri.
1992 Los Angeles Dodgers season | The 1992 Los Angeles Dodgers season was a poor one for the team as it finished last in the Western Division of the National League with a record of 63 wins and 99 losses. Despite boasting what was nicknamed the "Outfield of Dreams", being manned by Eric Davis, Brett Butler, and Darryl Strawberry, injuries to key players and slumps from others contributed to the franchise's worst season since moving to Los Angeles. Additionally, the Dodgers cancelled four home games during the season due to the L.A. Riots. Despite the poor finish, the Dodgers had some hope for the future as first baseman Eric Karros won the National League Rookie of the Year Award, the first of five consecutive Dodger players to do so. The 1992 season also saw the Dodgers drop television station KTTV Ch.11 as their chief broadcaster of Dodger baseball, ending a 34 year-35 consecutive season association with that station. Additionally, it was the first time the Dodgers lost 90 games in a season since 1944.
Ron Davis (defensive back) | Ronald Rozelle Davis (born February 24, 1972) is a former American Football cornerback for the Atlanta Falcons and the Green Bay Packers. Coming out of Tennessee, Davis possessed excellent 4.45 speed, coverage skills and size for his position. He started in four out of his first six games for the Falcons, although he struggled making the transition to the pros. After failing multiple NFL and Tennessee drug tests, he was released from the Falcons. Davis was later picked up by the Packers, who overlooked his substance abuse problems for his pure talent. Still, Davis was still unable to find success and was not resigned once his rookie contract expired.
2000 Los Angeles Dodgers season | In 2000, the Dodgers set a club record for home runs with 211, led by Gary Sheffield, who tied Duke Snider's single-season club mark with 43. Eric Karros became the L.A. Dodger all-time leader with his 229th home run and Dave Hansen set a Major League record with seven pinch-hit home runs. Kevin Brown led the league in E.R.A. with 2.58 and rookie pitcher Matt Herges started the season 8-0, the first pitcher since Fernando Valenzuela to open the season with eight straight victories. The Dodgers won 86 games, but failed to make the post-season, finishing second in the Western Division of the National League. Manager Davey Johnson was fired after the season and replaced with bench coach Jim Tracy.
2002 Los Angeles Dodgers season | The 2002 season saw Dan Evans take over as General Manager and in his first season the team won 92 games and was not eliminated from post season contention until the next-to-last day of the season, finishing third overall in the Western Division of the National League. Shawn Green hit 42 home runs to become the first L.A. Dodger to have back-to-back 40 or more homer seasons. He had four homers in one game on May 23 against the Milwaukee Brewers. He went 6 for 6 in that game and set a Major League mark for total bases with 19. The number broke the previous record of 18 total bases set by Joe Adcock. Éric Gagné who had been a starter previously became the closer in 2002 and set a club mark with 52 saves. This is also their first season to be broadcast on KCOP (13).
2005 Los Angeles Dodgers season | In 2005, the Los Angeles Dodgers suffered from a rash of injuries to key players such as closer Éric Gagné, shortstop César Izturis and outfielder J. D. Drew and fell to their second worst record in Los Angeles history, finishing in fourth place in the Western Division of the National League. After the season, manager Jim Tracy and General Manager Paul DePodesta were both fired and the team was torn apart. This was also the last season to be broadcast on KCOP (13).
1993 Los Angeles Dodgers season | The 1993 Dodgers improved on the dismal 1992 season finishing fourth in the Western Division of the National League. This was in part thanks to this year's Rookie of the Year winner, catcher Mike Piazza. Piazza set rookie records with 35 home runs and 112 RBI. He also hit two home runs on the last day of the season as the Dodgers knocked their longtime rival the Giants out of playoff contention with a 12-1 victory at Dodger Stadium.
Otis Davis (baseball) | Otis Allen Davis (September 24, 1920 – July 23, 2007) was a Major League Baseball player for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1946. Davis, whose nickname was "Scat", made just one appearance as a pinch runner. He was an outfielder in the minor leagues from 1942–1948 and finished his career as the manager of the Abilene Blue Sox of the West Texas–New Mexico League in 1948.
Sandy Amorós | Edmundo "Sandy" Amorós Isasi (January 30, 1930 – June 28, 1992) was a Cuban left fielder in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers and Detroit Tigers. Amorós was born in Havana. He both batted and threw left-handed. Dodgers scout Al Campanis signed him in 1951, struck by the small man's speed. Sandy played for the New York Cubans of the Negro Leagues in 1950.
Aleem Dar | Aleem Sarwar Dar (born 6 June 1968) is a Pakistani cricket umpire and a member of the ICC Elite umpire panel. He won three consecutive ICC Umpire of the Year awards 2009, 2010 and 2011, after being nominated twice in 2005 and 2006. Aleem Dar, Marais Erasmus, Richard Kettleborough, Kumar Dharmasena and Simon Taufel were the only umpires to have received the award from its inception until 2016. Before becoming an umpire, he played first-class cricket for Allied Bank, Gujranwala Cricket Association, Lahore and Pakistan Railways as a right-handed batsman and a leg-break bowler. Since his retirement as a player, he has gained prominence as one of the leading umpires in international cricket. He was educated at Islamia College, Civil Lines, Lahore.
Simon Taufel | Simon James Arthur Taufel, (born 21 January 1971 in St Leonards, New South Wales), is a retired Australian cricket umpire who was earlier a member of the ICC Elite umpire panel. He won five consecutive ICC Umpire of the Year awards between 2004 and 2008, and was generally considered to be the best umpire in the world during this time. On 26 September 2012 he announced his retirement from international cricket after the 2012 ICC World Twenty20 final. He subsequently worked as the ICC's Umpire Performance and Training Manager until October 2015.
Riazuddin (umpire) | Riazuddin (born 15 December 1958) is a Pakistani cricket umpire. He stood in 12 Test matches between 1990 and 2002 and 12 ODI games between 1990 and 2000. He stood as one of the on-field umpires in the final of the 2010–11 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy.
Pakistani cricket team in England in 2006 | The Pakistani cricket team toured England in the 2006 English cricket season, following England's winter tour of Pakistan where Pakistan had won a three-Test series 2–0 and the ODI series 4–1. As a result of this series, Pakistan rose two spots to be ranked second in the world Test rankings before this series, and England dropped to third after the 12 July annual update of the ICC Test Championship. The series was marred by a ball-tampering controversy on the fourth day of the Fourth Test, which culminated in Pakistan refusing to take the field after the tea interval in protest to a contentious decision by the umpires to penalise the Pakistani team for what they believed were acts of ball-tampering. This led the umpires to award the game to England, who thus won the Test series 3–0. In 2008, the ICC controversially declared the result of the final Test as a draw, altering the scoreline to 2–0; however, after criticism, not least by the MCC, this was subsequently reversed in February 2009 and the result restored as an England victory.
Vineet Kulkarni | Vineet Anil Kulkarni (born 6 October 1979) is an Indian cricket umpire. Kulkarni made his debut as an umpire in both List A and first-class cricket in 2009. He was earlier a member of the ICC International Panel of Umpires in the on-field category and officiated in 25 One Day Internationals (ODIs) and 14 Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is). He made his T20I umpiring debut in 2012 and a year later he made his ODI debut as an umpire in 2013.
Saleem Badar | Saleem Badar (born 16 May 1953) is a former Pakistani cricket umpire. He stood in five Test matches between 1988 and 1998 and 29 ODI games between 1988 and 2002. He also stood in the final of the 2007–08 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy.
2010 ICC World Twenty20 officials | Marais Erasmus, Rod Tucker and Shavir Tarapore have been included in the umpires panel confirmed for the upcoming ICC World Twenty20 2010, which takes place in the West Indies from 30 April to 16 May.
Isaac Oyieko | Isaac Otieno Oyieko (born 8 April 1979) is a former Kenyan cricket umpire. He stood in three Twenty20 International games between 2007 and 2010.
Sarika Prasad | Sarika Siva Prasad (born 7 November 1959) is a Singaporean international cricket umpire. He has umpired ten One Day International games and twenty-nine Twenty20 Internationals, all involving the associate nations. He also officiated five matches during the 2009 Women's Cricket World Cup, including the 3rd Place Playoff match. He currently coaches at Anglo- Chinese School Independent, as the head cricket coach for the school's cricket team. He has led this team to victory on multiple occasions, working alongside his son as of 2016.
2011 Cricket World Cup officials | Officials for the 2011 Cricket World Cup were selected by the Umpire selection panel and the information was released on 12 December, 2010. Umpire selection panel selected 18 umpires and a reserve umpire, Enamul Haque to officiate at the World Cup: 5 were from Australia, 6 from Asia, 3 from England, 2 from New Zealand and 1 each from South Africa and West Indies. It also selected 5 match referees for the event.
Community ownership | Community owned assets or organisations are those that are owned and controlled through some representative mechanism that allows a community to influence their operation or use and to enjoy the benefits arising.
The Wellness Community | The Wellness Community (TWC) is an international, non-profit organization that provides support and education to people with cancer and those who care for them. It was founded in Santa Monica in 1982 by Harold Benjamin and his wife Harriet Benjamin. In addition to providing support groups, education and other programs, TWC conducts research to quantify and document the benefits of psychosocial support for people with cancer. Research is done in collaboration with Catholic University, M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, Rutgers University, Stanford University, University of California, Los Angeles, and University of California, San Francisco. In 2009, it merged with Gilda’s Club to form the Cancer Support Community.
Internet Society | The Internet Society (ISOC) is an American, non-profit organization founded in 1992 to provide leadership in Internet-related standards, education, access, and policy. It states that its mission is "to promote the open development, evolution and use of the Internet for the benefit of all people throughout the world".
Benefit corporation | In the United States, a benefit corporation is a type of for-profit corporate entity, authorized by 33 U.S. states and the District of Columbia that includes positive impact on society, workers, the community and the environment in addition to profit as its legally defined goals. Benefit corporations differ from traditional C corporations in purpose, accountability, and transparency, but not in taxation. In 2015, Italy became the first country in the world to legally recognize benefit corporations across its entire territory. Australia is in the process of drafting their own similar version as of February 2016.
Community Network Projects | Community Network is a registered charity in the United Kingdom, formed initially in Northern Ireland in August 1990 as a six-month project to bring people together across the sectarian divide using telecommunications. It went on to become a UK-wide charity using telecommunications for social benefit.
Alliance for Affordable Services | Alliance for Affordable Services, founded in 1981, is a national organization which uses group buying power to negotiate discounts on personal, professional and health care benefits and services for tens of thousands of members in the United States.
Association for Community Health Improvement | The Association for Community Health Improvement (ACHI) is a professional organization for community health, community benefit, healthy communities and public health, founded in 2002. It is an affiliate of the American Hospital Association.
Scottish Council for Development and Industry | The Scottish Council for Development and Industry (SCDI), founded in 1931, is a non-governmental, membership organisation which aims to strengthen Scotland’s economic competitiveness through influencing government and key stakeholders to create sustainable economic prosperity for Scotland.
Caribbean Community | The Caribbean Community (CARICOM) is an organization of fifteen Caribbean nations and dependencies whose main objective is to promote economic integration and cooperation among its members, to ensure that the benefits of integration are equitably shared, and to coordinate foreign policy. The organization was established in 1973. Its major activities involve coordinating economic policies and development planning; devising and instituting special projects for the less-developed countries within its jurisdiction; operating as a regional single market for many of its members (Caricom Single Market); and handling regional trade disputes. The secretariat headquarters is in Georgetown, Guyana. CARICOM is an official United Nations Observer.
Community Creations | Community Creations is a social change organisation founded in early 2004 by Ruairí McKiernan and friends Keith Corcoran and Anna Lally to promote positive social change in the community. It operates a website intended to be an online youth health and citizenship initiative in Ireland, and organizes other programs such as a Shared Heritage Initiative, a Community Media Programme and a Young Artists Scheme. Projects also include youth magazines, community websites, an Asylum Seeker support programme, heritage campaigning, advocacy on ASBOS, art exhibitions, fundraising concerts and consultancy services to the HSE, Ombudsman for Children's Office and World Health Organization.
Everything Has Changed | "Everything Has Changed" is a song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, taken from Swift's fourth studio album, "Red" (2012). Produced by Butch Walker, the track was released as the sixth single from the album on July 16, 2013. "Everything Has Changed" is a guitar ballad combining folk and pop genres about "wanting to get to know a new lover better".
Changes (A Cursive Memory album) | Changes is an album by A Cursive Memory. It was released February 19, 2008 by Vagrant Records. The singles from the album were "Everything" and "Perfect Company". The song "Everything" was included in the game .
Everything Must Change | Everything Must Change is the debut album by singer Randy Crawford released in 1976 on the Warner Bros. label. It was recorded and mixed at Hollywood Sound Recorders except "I'm Easy" and "I've Never Been To Me", which, along with all horns and strings, were recorded at The Hit Factory, New York City, and engineered by Kevin Herron with assistant engineer Ted Spencer. In addition "Everything Must Change" and "Gonna Give Lovin' A Try" were recorded live at the World Jazz Association's first recorded concert at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles in November 1975.
Nothing Has Changed | Nothing Has Changed (also titled Nothing Has Changed: The Very Best of David Bowie) is a compilation album by English musician David Bowie. It was released on 18 November 2014 through Parlophone in the United Kingdom, and Columbia Records and Legacy Recordings in the United States. It is the first album to showcase Bowie's entire career and includes a new composition, "Sue (Or in a Season of Crime)", which was later re-recorded for his final album "Blackstar" (stylized as ★) (2016). "Nothing Has Changed" is notable for including songs from Bowie's unreleased 2001 album "Toy": "Your Turn to Drive", previously an internet-only single, and a previously unreleased re-recorded version of "Let Me Sleep Beside You", both of which are found on the triple CD version of the album. The album's title comes from a lyric in the song "Sunday" from Bowie's album "Heathen" (2002).
Everything's Changed | "Everything's Changed" is a song written by Richie McDonald, Larry Boone and Paul Nelson, and performed by American country music band Lonestar. It was released in June 1998 as the fourth and final single from their 1997 album "Crazy Nights". Their ninth chart single overall, it was also the last single to feature bass guitarist John Rich, who left the band to pursue a solo career. The song peaked at number 2 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, and number 95 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Everything is Changing | Everything is Changing is the fourth studio album by the Anneke van Giersbergen band and the first released under Anneke van Giersbergen's name, instead of "Agua de Annique" or "Anneke van Giersbergen and Agua de Annique".
Everything's Been Changed | "Everything's Been Changed" is a song written by Paul Anka and performed by The 5th Dimension. It reached #17 on the Canadian adult contemporary chart, #18 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart, #49 on the Canadian pop chart, and #70 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1973. It was featured on their 1973 album, "Living Together, Growing Together."
Everything Changes (Julian Lennon album) | Everything Changes is the sixth studio album by English singer-songwriter Julian Lennon. It was released on 2 October 2011.
Everything (Climie Fisher album) | Everything is the first album by British pop duo Climie Fisher, released in 1987. The album includes the duo's biggest hit and best-remembered single, "Love Changes (Everything)", and reached #14 on the UK album chart. Their song "Room to Move" was remade by the group Animotion on their 1989 self-titled album.
Everything Changes (Take That song) | "Everything Changes" is a song by British boy band Take That. The song was the fifth single from the band's second studio album, "Everything Changes". It was written by Gary Barlow, Michael Ward, Eliot Kennedy and Cary Bayliss, and it was produced by Ward. The song features Robbie Williams on lead vocals.
Aleksandr Danilovich Aleksandrov | Aleksandr Danilovich Aleksandrov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Дани́лович Алекса́ндров , alternative transliterations: "Alexandr" or "Alexander" (first name), and "Alexandrov" (last name)) (August 4, 1912 – July 27, 1999), was a Soviet/Russian mathematician, physicist, philosopher and mountaineer.
Aleksandr Pavlovich Aleksandrov | Aleksandr Pavlovich Aleksandrov (Russian: Александр Павлович Александров ; born February 20, 1943) is a former Soviet cosmonaut and twice Hero of the Soviet Union (November 23, 1983 and December 29, 1987).
Aleksandr Piskaryov | Aleksandr Mikhaiylovich Piskaryov (Russian: Александр Михайлович Пискарёв ) (born November 18, 1949) is a Russian football player and manager.
Mikhail Kerzhakov | Mikhail Anatolyevich Kerzhakov (Russian: Михаил Анатольевич Кержаков ; born 28 January 1987 in Kingisepp) is a Russian football goalkeeper. He plays for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. He is the younger brother of striker Aleksandr Kerzhakov.
Aleksandr Ulyanov | Aleksandr Ilyich Ulyanov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Ильи́ч Улья́нов ; April 12, 1866 – May 8, 1887) was a Russian revolutionary and older brother of Vladimir Lenin. He was also known familiarly by Sasha (a common diminutive form of the name Alexander).
Aleksandr Butko | Aleksandr Anatolyevich Butko (Russian: Александр Анатольевич Бутко ; born 18 March 1986) is a Russian volleyball player, a member of Russia men's national volleyball team and Russian club Zenit Kazan, 2012 Olympic Games.
Aleksandr Ivanov (footballer, born 1973) | Aleksandr Anatolyevich Ivanov (Russian: Александр Анатольевич Иванов ; born 14 April 1973 in Kolpino) is a former Russian football player.
Gennady Tumilovich | Gennady Anatolyevich Tumilovich (Russian: Геннадий Анатольевич Тумилович , born 3 September 1971 in Minsk) is a Belarusian football coach and a former player.
Aleksandr Komissarov | Aleksandr Pavlovich Komissarov (Russian: Александр Павлович Комиссаров ; born August 26, 1950) is a Russian professional football coach. As of 2009, he manages an Amateur Football League team FC Stroitel Penza.
Aleksandr Kolotilko | Aleksandr Anatolyevich Kolotilko (Russian: Александр Анатольевич Колотилко ; born July 11, 1979 in Nizhnekamsk) is a Russian professional footballer. He last played for FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk.
Diogal | Diogal Sakho (born 1970, Ngor, Dakar) is a Senegalese singer and musician.
Sukho (island) | Sukho island is small artificial island located in the south-east of Lake Ladoga 20 km near its southern shore. The island has the shape of an irregular horseshoe. Dimensions of this island is approximately 90 to 60 m.
Souleymane Cissokho | Souleymane Diop Cissokho (born 4 July 1991) is a French amateur welterweight boxer who won a bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Dikerogammarus haemobaphes | Dikerogammarus haemobaphes is a species of freshwater gammarid crustacean. It is native to the Ponto-Caspian region (around the Black Sea and Caspian Sea). It has also become established in the Vistula River in Poland, and is common in parts of Austria. In October 2012, it was discovered in the River Severn at Tewkesbury, Worcestershire.
Kosa Dvukh Pilotov Island | Kosa Dvukh Pilotov Island ("коса Двух Пилотов", "Two Pilots' Sandspit") is a long and narrow island in the Chukchi Sea. It is located along the coast of the Chukotka Peninsula in the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug.
Makhinjauri | Makhinjauri (Georgian: მახინჯაური ] ) is a small town ("daba") in Adjara, Georgia, with the population of 735 according to the 2014 census. It is located on the Black Sea coast, 5 km north of Batumi, the capital of Adjara, and functions as a seaside resort. The Makhinjauri railway station is the one serving Batumi. Administratively, Makhinjauri was part of the Khelvachauri district from 1959 to 2011 and of the city of Batumi since 2011.
Sukhumi | Sukhumi or Sokhumi (Abkhaz: Аҟәа , "Aqwa"; Georgian: სოხუმი , ] ; Russian: Сухум(и) , "Sukhum(i)") is a city on the Black Sea coast. It is the capital of the breakaway Republic of Abkhazia which has controlled it since the 1992-93 war in Abkhazia, although most of the international community considers it legally part of Georgia.
Lat Jor | Lat Jor Ngone Latir Jop (Wolof: "Lat Joor Ngoone Latiir Joop" ; French: "Lat Dior Ngoné Latyr Diop" ; 1842–1886), son of Sahewer Sohna Mbay ("Sakhéwère Sokhna Mbaye") and the Linguère royal Ngone Latir Fal ("Ngoné Latyr Fall"), was a nineteenth-century damel (king) of Cayor, a Wolof state that is today in south central Sénégal.
Makhete Diop | Makhete Diop (born 8 July 1987 in Louga, Senegal) is a Senegalese footballer. He currently plays for Shabab Al-Ahli, which competes in the Arabian Gulf League in United Arab Emirates. He plays as a striker.
Al Thakhira | Al Thakhira (Arabic: الذخيره‎ ‎ ; also spelled Al Dakhira) is a town on the coast of the Al Khor municipality in Qatar, about 7 km northeast of the city of Al Khor. The area is home to Al Dakhira Nature Reserve, an island with mangroves, and a beach.
Nita Strauss | Nita Strauss (born December 7, 1986) is an American guitarist. Best known for her work with Iron Maiden all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens, her career has included performing with several rock ensembles such as the band Femme Fatale and the LA Kiss musical backing group. In June 2014, she replaced Orianthi in the band of American hard rock legend Alice Cooper, giving her an even larger platform. She was also ranked #1 on the list of '10 Female Guitar Players You Should Know' published by "Guitar World". She comes from a long line of classical musicians - one of her ancestors on her father's side of the family is the Austrian composer Johann Strauss II.
Janick Gers | Janick Robert Gers ( ; born 27 January 1957 in Hartlepool, England) is an English musician, best known for being one of the three current guitarists in Iron Maiden, along with Dave Murray and Adrian Smith, as well as his earlier work with Gillan and White Spirit.
Dave Murray (musician) | David Michael "Dave" Murray (born 23 December 1956) is an English guitarist and songwriter best known as one of the earliest members of the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. Along with the group's bassist and primary songwriter Steve Harris, Murray has appeared on all of the band's releases.
Adrian Smith | Adrian Frederick "H" Smith (born 27 February 1957) is an English guitarist, best known as a member of Iron Maiden, for whom he writes songs and performs live backing vocals on some tracks.
Roy Z | Roy Z (born February, 1968) is an American guitarist, songwriter and producer, best known for his work with Bruce Dickinson (from Iron Maiden), Halford, and Judas Priest. He also is the founder of Tribe of Gypsies, a Latin influenced hard rock band.
Thomas Zwijsen | Thomas Zwijsen is a Dutch/Belgian (Flemish) classical acoustic and Heavy Metal guitarist. He is known for his arrangements of Iron Maiden (and a selection of other artists') songs for classical guitar both on YouTube since 2007 and with his 2013 and 2014 albums "Nylon Maiden", "Nylonized" and "Nylon Maiden II". Since 2011, he has worked closely with ex Iron Maiden & Wolfsbane frontman Blaze Bayley, co-composing Bayley's 2012 album The King of Metal and 2013 released Russian Holiday E.P. In 2015 he released an album in Flamenco/fusion style consisting entirely of his own compositions, entitled "Divide & Unite".
Jojo Draven | Josephine Soegijanty-Draven is an Indonesian musician and film score composer. She is a cast member of the Blue Man Group. She was also a guitarist for the American all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue and the tribute band The Iron Maidens.
Heather Baker | Heather Baker (born October 9, 1984) is a female American songwriter, guitarist, producer and founder of the Electronica band Antiwave. Heather is known for being a session and touring guitar player for the likes of Bonnie Mckee (Pulse Music Publishing), Krewella (Columbia Records), Kerli (Island Records), The Iron Maidens (Powerslave Records) and currently plays with the band Fake Figures (members of Atreyu, Eyelid and Scars of Tomorrow) and NoMBe (TH3RD BRAIN)
Dennis Stratton | Dennis William Stratton (born 9 October 1952 in Canning Town, East London, England) is a guitar player who is best known as a former member of the British band Iron Maiden from December 1979 to October 1980.
Jane Sloman | Jane Sloman (b. Ipswich, 15 December 1824, d. after 1850) was an English composer, pianist, and vocalist, who had an active concert career in the United States during the 1840s. She is best known for writing the songs "Roll on, Silver Moon", "Forget Thee", and the "Maiden's Farewell."
Cangzhou | Cangzhou () is a prefecture-level city in eastern Hebei province, People's Republic of China. At the 2010 census, Cangzhou's built-up ("or metro") area made of Yunhe, Xinhua districts and Cang County largely being conurbated had a population of 1,205,814 inhabitants, while the prefecture-level administrative unit in total has a population of 7,134,062. It lies approximately 90 km from the major port city of Tianjin, and 180 km from Beijing.
Haixing County | Haixing County () is a county of southeastern Hebei province, China, bordering Shandong to the southeast. It is administered by Cangzhou City, and, , had a population of 220,000 residing in an area of 836 km2 . Both G18 Rongcheng–Wuhai Expressway and G25 Changchun–Shenzhen Expressway pass through the county.
Dongguang County | Dongguang County () is a county under the jurisdiction of Cangzhou City, in southeastern Hebei province, People's Republic of China, bordering Shandong to the southeast.
Cang County | Cang County or Cangxian () is a county of Hebei, China. It is under the administration of Cangzhou City. County government offices are located in Xinhua District.
Xian County | Xian County or Xianxian () is a county in the Cangzhou prefecture, in the Hebei province of China.
Cang Prefecture | Cangzhou or Cang Prefecture (滄州) was a "zhou" (prefecture) in imperial China, centering on modern Cang County, Hebei, China. It existed (intermittently) from 517 until 1913.
Yanshan County, Hebei | Yanshan County () is a county of southeastern Hebei province, China, bordering Shandong to the south and east. It is under the administration of Cangzhou City, and it has a population of 410,000 residing in an area of 795 km2 . China National Highway 205 runs northwest-southeast through the county.
Xinhua District, Cangzhou | Xinhua District () is a district of Cangzhou, Hebei, China.
Hejian | Hejian (; alternative romanizations: Ho Dsien, Ho-kien[-fou]) is a county-level city of Cangzhou City, in east-central Hebei province, China. , the population was ca. 770,000 inhabitants and the city territory was 1333 km2 . Hejian is situated along China National Highway 106.
Mengcun Hui Autonomous County | Mengcun (; Xiao'erjing: مْعڞٌ خُوِذُو ذِجِشِیًا) is a Hui autonomous county of southeastern Hebei province, China, under the administration of Cangzhou City. , it has a population of 193,000 residing in an area of 384 km2 .
2017–18 Pittsburgh Penguins season | The 2017–18 Pittsburgh Penguins season will be the 51st season for the National Hockey League ice hockey team that was established on June 5, 1967. They will enter the season as two-time defending Stanley Cup champions. It will be the first season since the 2002–03 season in which the team will play without goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury, who was drafted to the Vegas Golden Knights in the expansion draft.
Marc-André Fleury | Marc-André Fleury (born November 28, 1984) is a French-Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender playing for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). Drafted out of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) first overall by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, Fleury played major junior for four seasons with the Cape Breton Screaming Eagles, earning both the Mike Bossy Trophy as the league's top prospect and the Telus Cup as the top defensive player in 2003. He joined the Penguins in 2003–04 and has won three Stanley Cup championships with the team in 2009, 2016, and 2017. Internationally, Fleury has represented Canada twice as a junior, winning back-to-back silver medals at the World Junior Championships in 2003 and 2004. He won a gold medal with Team Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
2017 NHL Expansion Draft | The 2017 NHL Expansion Draft was an expansion draft conducted by the National Hockey League on June 18–20, 2017 to fill the roster of the league's expansion team for the 2017–18 season, the Vegas Golden Knights. The team's selections were announced on June 21 during the NHL Awards ceremony at T-Mobile Arena.
List of Vegas Golden Knights draft picks | This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Vegas Golden Knights franchise. It includes every player who was drafted, regardless of whether they played for the team. The Golden Knights franchise was founded as an expansion team in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2017.
Jon Merrill (ice hockey) | Jonathon Merrill (born February 3, 1992) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). Merrill was selected by the New Jersey Devils in the 2nd round (38th overall) of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. Merrill was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, but grew up in Brighton, Michigan.
Jonas Røndbjerg | Jonas Røndbjerg (born 31 March 1999) is a Danish ice hockey forward currently playing for Växjö Lakers of the Swedish Hockey League. At the 2017 NHL Entry Draft, Røndbjerg was selected 65th overall by the Vegas Golden Knights.
Lucas Elvenes | Lucas Elvenes (born 18 August 1999) is a Swedish ice hockey forward currently playing for Rögle BK of the SHL. At the 2017 NHL Entry Draft, Elvenes was selected 127th overall by the Vegas Golden Knights.
Calvin Pickard | Calvin Pickard (born April 15, 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). Pickard was drafted by the Colorado Avalanche in the second round (49th overall) of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. He played his junior hockey with the Seattle Thunderbirds of the Western Hockey League. His older brother, Chet, also a goaltender, was drafted in the first round of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators.
Clayton Stoner | Clayton Stoner (born February 19, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted in the third round, 79th overall, by the Minnesota Wild at the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Erik Brännström | Erik Brännström (born 2 September 1999) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenseman. He is currently playing with HV71 of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL) as a prospect to the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). His older brother, Isac Brännström, is also an SHL player, currently with HV71. He was selected 15th overall by the Golden Knights in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft, Vegas' third pick of the first round.
Steve Yzerman | Stephen Gregory "Steve" Yzerman ( ; born May 9, 1965) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player and current general manager of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is widely considered to be one of the greatest players of all time. Yzerman spent his entire NHL playing career with the Detroit Red Wings and is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame. On January 27, 2017, in a ceremony during the All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles, Yzerman was part of the second group of players to be named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players' in history.
2006–07 Detroit Red Wings season | The 2006–07 Detroit Red Wings season was the 81st National Hockey League season in Detroit, Michigan. The Wings entered a new era, following the retirement of longtime captain Steve Yzerman after 22 seasons in the NHL, all spent with Detroit. The Wings named Yzerman a team vice-president, Yzerman's number 19 was retired by the Wings in January.
List of Tampa Bay Lightning general managers | The Tampa Bay Lightning are an American professional ice hockey team based in Tampa, Florida. They play in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). Often referred to as the Bolts, as seen from their third jerseys, the team joined the NHL in 1992 as an expansion team, and won their first Stanley Cup championship in 2004. Having first played in the Expo Hall, and later in the ThunderDome (now known as Tropicana Field), the Lightning have played their home games at the Ice Palace, currently titled Amalie Arena, since 1996. The franchise has had six general managers since their inception.
Adam Oates | Adam Robert Oates (born August 27, 1962) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player, former co-head coach for the New Jersey Devils and former head coach for the Washington Capitals. He played 19 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Detroit Red Wings, St. Louis Blues, Boston Bruins, Washington Capitals, Philadelphia Flyers, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and Edmonton Oilers. Known as an elite playmaker, his career total of 1,079 assists was the fifth highest total in NHL history at the time of his 2004 retirement. After retiring as a player, he served as an assistant coach for the Tampa Bay Lightning and New Jersey Devils prior to joining the Capitals as their head coach for two seasons between 2012 and 2014. On January 27, 2017, in a ceremony during the All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles, Oates was part of the second group of players to be named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players' in history.
List of Detroit Red Wings general managers | The Detroit Red Wings are a professional ice hockey team based in Detroit, Michigan. They are members of the Atlantic Division in the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League (NHL) and are one of the Original Six teams of the league. The general manager (GM) of the team "oversees all aspects of Detroit's hockey operations including all matters relating to player personnel, development, contract negotiations and player movements." There have been eleven general managers in franchise history; two during the era of the Detroit Cougars (1926–30) and Detroit Falcons (1930–32) and the rest under the Detroit Red Wings (1932–present). The first was Art Duncan for the 1926–27 season; he also served as head coach and was also a defenseman and team captain.
1985–86 Detroit Red Wings season | The 1985–86 season is the team's 60th season, their 54th season as the Red Wings. This is the first of two seasons in which Red Wings games would air in the Detroit area on then-independent WXON-TV (now MyNetworkTV affiliate WMYD) channel 20 before returning to WKBD channel 50 (then a Fox station, now with The CW) for the 1987–88 season after the two-year break. It is also the first of 11 seasons with current NBC sportscaster Dave Strader as the Red Wings' television play-by-play announcer, joining him as color commentator and analyst is former Red Wings right wing man Mickey Redmond. It is unknown at this time if this is Redmond's first season as analyst, but when the games moved to WKBD in 1987, they went along with them. Also, the Red Wings played their first game with Hall of Famer Brad Park as their head coach on December 31, 1985. This was Park's only season as a head coach in the NHL, replacing current Buffalo Sabres radio and television color analyst Harry Neale, who was fired after 35 games. Park had retired as a player during the previous season. The Red Wings finished dead last in the Norris Division, the Clarence Campbell Conference, and in the entire National Hockey League with a record of 17 wins, 57 losses and 6 ties, failing to make the playoffs with only 40 points. It is the worst record in franchise history; the Red Wings finished the season with the least goals scored of all NHL teams, the most goals against, and the most penalty minutes. Since this time, the Red Wings would miss the playoffs only one more time, that was the 1989–90 season.
List of Tampa Bay Lightning head coaches | The Tampa Bay Lightning are an American professional ice hockey team based in Tampa, Florida. They play in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). Often referred to as the Bolts, as seen from their third jerseys, the team joined the NHL in 1992 as an expansion team, and won their first Stanley Cup championship in 2004. Having first played in the Expo Hall, and later in the ThunderDome (now known as Tropicana Field), the Lightning have played their home games at the Ice Palace, currently titled Amalie Arena, since 1996. The Lightning are owned by Jeffrey Vinik, Steve Yzerman is their general manager, and Steven Stamkos is the team captain.
Chris Chelios | Christos Kostas "Chris" Chelios (born January 25, 1962) is a retired American professional ice hockey defenseman. He is currently the executive advisor to Ken Holland, the general manager of the Detroit Red Wings. He is one of the longest tenured players in the National Hockey League, and is a three-time Stanley Cup champion - one with the Montreal Canadiens and two with the Red Wings.
Tom Kurvers | Thomas James Kurvers (born September 14, 1962) is an American retired professional ice hockey defenseman who spent 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) between 1984 and 1995. He was a member of the 1986 Stanley Cup Champion Montreal Canadiens. He is also a former interim General Manager for the Tampa Bay Lightning during the 2009–10 season. Kurvers was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, but grew up in Bloomington, Minnesota.
Vincent Riendeau | Vincent Joseph Riendeau (born April 20, 1966) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. During his time in the National Hockey League, Riendeau played for the Montreal Canadiens, St. Louis Blues, Detroit Red Wings, and the Boston Bruins. Riendeau holds the distinction of being the first Canadian and former NHL player to sign with a professional hockey team in the Russian Superleague. He currently acts as an assistant general manager of the St. John's IceCaps, the American Hockey League affiliate of the Canadiens.
Crichton Collegiate Church | Crichton Collegiate Church is situated about 0.6 mi south west of the hamlet of Crichton in Midlothian, Scotland. Crichton itself is 1.4 mi west of Pathhead and 7.5 mi south of Scotland's capital city, Edinburgh. The church is reached by leaving the A68 road at the north end of Pathhead and turning on to the B6367 minor road at Crichton on a single track lane signposted Crichton Castle. Before reaching the castle car park, on the left, is the church, situated at grid reference [ NT381616] .
Crichton Castle | Crichton Castle is a ruined castle situated at the head of the River Tyne, near the village of Crichton, Midlothian, Scotland. The castle lies two miles south of the village of Pathhead, and the same distance east of Gorebridge, at . A mile to the south-west is Borthwick Castle.
The Crichton | The Crichton is an institutional campus in Dumfries in southwest Scotland. It incorporates part of Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary, a business park, and Crichton University Campus, which serves as a remote campus for the University of Glasgow, the University of the West of Scotland, Dumfries and Galloway College, and the Open University. The site also includes a hotel and conference centre, and Crichton Memorial Church, set in a 100 acre park. The campus was established in the 19th century as the Crichton Royal Hospital, a psychiatric hospital.
St Mary's Church, Crich | St Mary’s Church, Crich is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Crich, Derbyshire.
Cranston, Midlothian | Cranston is a parish of Midlothian, Scotland, lying 4+1/4 mi south-east of Dalkeith. It is bounded by the parishes of Inveresk and Ormiston (East Lothian) on the east, by Crichton and Borthwick on the south ; and by Newbattle on the west and north. The River Tyne flows through the centre of the parish.
Crichton, Louisiana | Crichton (also Crichton Station) is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Flitton | Flitton (Flichtam, Fllite, Flute) is a small village in Bedfordshire, England which forms part of the parish of Flitton and Greenfield. The village derives its name from river Flit which flows close by it. It is notable primarily as the home of the De Grey Mausoleum adjacent to St John the Baptist church. Richard Milward, the editor of Selden’s "Table Talk" was born at Flitton in 1609. There are two pubs, "The White Hart" by the church hall and "Jolly Coopers" at Wardhedges.
River Sgitheach | River Sgitheach also known as Skiach or Skiack, (Scottish Gaelic "Abhainn Sgitheach", "Hawthorn River") (grid reference [ NH5162] ) is a river in Ross and Cromarty, Scotland. It rises on the southern slopes of Ben Wyvis, passes through Strath Sgitheach, passing Clare plantation, Swordale, the village of Evanton, and after about 13 mi empties into the Cromarty Firth near the ruin of the old Kiltearn parish church. About a mile to the northeast, on the other side of Balconie Point, the Allt Graad also empties in the Firth. The ruin that lies on the beach between the two rivers is an old salmon fishing bothy of the Novar Estate.
Crichton Park, Nova Scotia | Crichton Park is a mostly residential neighbourhood in the Dartmouth area of the Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia. It is located in the north end of Dartmouth close to the Macdonald and MacKay bridges, Brightwood Golf and Country Club, Mic Mac Mall and Lake Banook. Crichton Park is home to Crichton Park Elementary school.
Crichton, Midlothian | Crichton is a small village and parish in Midlothian, Scotland, around 2 mi (3 km) south of Pathhead and the same distance east of Gorebridge.
Æthelweard of East Anglia | Æthelweard (died 854) was a 9th-century king of East Anglia, the long-lived Anglo-Saxon kingdom which today includes the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. Little is known of Æthelweard's reign and even his regnal dates are not known for certain. He was succeeded by St Edmund, who was said to have been crowned on 25 December 854.
Æthelweard (son of Alfred) | Æthelweard (d. 920 or 922) was the younger son of King Alfred the Great and Ealhswith.
Beorhtnoð æthling of Kent | Beorhtnoð æthling of Kent was an English ruler of the 9-10th century AD. His father was Burgred of Mercia; his mother, Æthelswith, and his brother, Beorhtweald Ealdorman of Kent.
Eadred Ætheling | Eadred Ætheling (Old English "Eadred Æþeling") (died c.1012) was the fourth of the six sons of King Æthelred the Unready by his first wife Ælfgifu. He witnessed charters between 993 and 1012 or 1013, but died before his father was forced to flee to Normandy in late 1013
Æthelred the Unready | Æthelred II, also dubbed the Unready (Old English: Æþelræd, ] ), ( 966 – 23 April 1016) was King of the English (978–1013 and 1014–1016). He was the son of King Edgar the Peaceful and Queen Ælfthryth and was around 12 years old when his half-brother Edward the Martyr was murdered on 18 March 978. Although Æthelred was not personally suspected of participation, the murder was committed at Corfe Castle by his attendants, making it more difficult for the new king to rally the nation against the military raids by Danes, especially as the legend of St Edward the Martyr grew.
Æthelmær the Stout | Æthelmær the Stout or Æthelmær Cild (died 1015) was ealdorman of the western provinces (or south-western England) from c. 1005 to 1015. He was the son of Æthelweard the historian, and descended from King Æthelred I.
Eadric, Ealdorman of Wessex | Eadric (fl. 942–949) was a tenth-century ealdorman of Wessex. He was the youngest of four sons of Æthelfrith, an ealdorman in Mercia, and his wife Æthelgyth. From 946 until his death in 949 Eadric was the second most senior ealdorman in England, surpassed only by his brother Æthelstan Half-King.
Ælfhere, Ealdorman of Mercia | Ælfhere (died in 983) was ealdorman of Mercia. His family, along with those of Æthelstan Half-King and Æthelstan Rota, rose to greatness in the middle third of the 10th century. In the reign of Edward the Martyr, Ælfhere was a leader of the anti-monastic reaction and an ally of Edward's stepmother Queen Dowager Ælfthryth. After the killing of Edward by Ælfthryth's servants in 978, Ælfhere supported the new king, Ælfthryth's son Æthelred the Unready, and was the leading nobleman in the Kingdom of England until his death in 983.
Æthelfrith of Mercia | Æthelfrith (fl. 880s – c. 904/915) was an ealdorman of southern Mercia, who flourished in the last two decades of the ninth century and the first decade of the tenth century. His father is unknown. He was married to Æthelgyth, daughter of Æthelwulf; Æthelwulf is unidentified, but a possible candidate is King Alfred the Great's brother-in-law, the ealdorman of the Gaini who died in 901. Æthelfrith was father to four ealdormen: Æthelstan Half-King (East Anglia), Ælfstan (Mercia), Æthelwald (Kent), and Eadric (Hampshire).
Æthelstan Ætheling | Æthelstan Ætheling (Old English: "Æþelstan Æþeling"), early or mid 980s to 25 June 1014, was the eldest son of King Æthelred the Unready by his first wife Ælfgifu and the heir apparent to the kingdom until his death. He made his first appearance as a witness to a charter of his father in 993. He probably spent part of his childhood at Æthelingadene, Dean in west Sussex, and his paternal grandmother Ælfthryth may have played an important part in his upbringing. Almost nothing is known of his life, although he seems to have formed a friendship with Sigeforth and Morcar, two of the leading thegns of the Five Boroughs of the East Midlands.
Newark Airport Interchange | The Newark Airport Interchange is a massive interchange of Interstate 78, U.S. Route 1-9, U.S. Route 22, New Jersey Route 21, and Interstate 95 (the New Jersey Turnpike) at the northern edge of Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark, New Jersey.
Newark Liberty International Airport | Newark Liberty International Airport (IATA: EWR, ICAO: KEWR, FAA LID: EWR) , originally Newark Metropolitan Airport and later Newark International Airport, is the primary airport serving the U.S. state of New Jersey. The airport straddles the boundary between the cities of Elizabeth and Newark, the latter of which is the most populous city in the state. The airport is owned jointly by the cities of Elizabeth and Newark and leased to and operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Newark Liberty International Airport Station | Newark Liberty International Airport Station (also known as Newark International Airport Station) is a railroad station on the Northeast Corridor (NEC) in Newark, New Jersey. The station provides access to Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) via the AirTrain monorail which connects the station to the airport's terminals and parking areas. It is served by New Jersey Transit's (NJT) Northeast Corridor Line and North Jersey Coast Line and Amtrak's "Northeast Regional" and Keystone Service trains. The station, located in the Dayton neighborhood of the city, has no pedestrian access, bus service, parking facility, or drop-off area.
Røst Airport | Røst Airport (Norwegian: "Røst lufthavn" ; IATA: RET, ICAO: ENRS ) is a regional airport serving the Røst, Norway. located on the northern edge of the main island of Røstlandet. It is owned and operated by the state-owned Avinor and handled 9,889 passengers in 2014. Services are provided by Widerøe, operating Dash 8-100 aircraft on contract with the Ministry of Transport and Communications to Bodø Airport and Leknes Airport.
People Express Airlines (1980s) | People Express Airlines, stylized as PEOPLExpress, was an American low-cost airline that operated from 1981 to 1987, when it was merged into Continental Airlines. The airline's headquarters was in the North Terminal of Newark International Airport (EWR) in Newark, New Jersey.
AirTrain Newark | AirTrain Newark is a 3-mile (4.8 km) monorail system connecting the terminals at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) and trains at Newark Liberty International Airport Station on the Northeast Corridor (NEC), where transfers are possible to Amtrak and New Jersey Transit's Northeast Corridor Line and North Jersey Coast Line
Newark Public Service Terminal | The Public Service Terminal was a three-level streetcar station in Newark, New Jersey, owned and operated by the Public Service Corporation, adjacent to the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad's Park Place station. It served as the terminus for streetcar lines from as far as Trenton. Public Service was both a transportation company and a utility, providing electric and gas service to much of northern New Jersey. The six office stories above the terminal served as company headquarters.
Frasca Field | Frasca Field (FAA LID: C16) is a privately owned public use airport located at the northern edge of Urbana in Champaign County, Illinois, United States. It is owned by Frasca Air Service, which also serves as the fixed-base operator (FBO). The airport serves the greater Champaign-Urbana Metropolitan Area in East Central Illinois.
Newark Metropolitan Airport Buildings | The Newark Metropolitan Airport Buildings are at Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark, New Jersey. Newark Metropolitan, opened in 1928, was the first major airport in the United States. The trio of Art Deco buildings, the Administration Building, Brewster Hangar and the Medical Building, were built in 1934 and dedicated by Amelia Earhart in 1935. They were added to state and federal registers of historic places in 1980. In 2001, the Administration Building was relocated when a runway was lengthened, and they have subsequently been renovated. The terminal was once adorned with murals by Arshile Gorky, only two of which survive and are part of the Newark Museum collection
Port Newark–Elizabeth Marine Terminal | Port Newark–Elizabeth Marine Terminal, a major component of the Port of New York and New Jersey, is the principal container ship facility for goods entering and leaving New York metropolitan area and the northeastern quadrant of North America. Located on Newark Bay, the facility is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Its two components—Port Newark and the Elizabeth Marine Terminal (sometimes called "Port Newark" and "Port Elizabeth")—sit side by side within the cities of Newark and Elizabeth, New Jersey, just east of the New Jersey Turnpike and Newark Airport.
List of Peru international footballers | Peru took part in the inaugural FIFA World Cup in 1930 and enjoyed victories in the 1938 Bolivarian Games and the 1939 Copa América, with goalkeeper Juan Valdivieso and forwards Teodoro Fernández and Alejandro Villanueva playing important roles.
El Maracanazo | The Maracanazo of the Chilean selection (Spanish: "Maracanazo de la selección chilena" , also known as Condorazo or Bengalazo) was an incident which happened during the football match between Brazil and Chile, at the Maracanã Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on 3 September 1989, in which Chilean goalkeeper Roberto Rojas pretended to be hurt by a flare thrown by Brazilian fans. The incident is considered by historians and football experts as one of the most shameful events in world football. The incident deprived Chile of competing in the 1994 World Cup qualifiers and ended Rojas' career.
1938 Peruvian Primera División | The 1938 season of the Primera División Peruana, the top category of Peruvian football, was played by 9 teams. The national champions were Municipal. Because Alianza Lima and Mariscal Sucre tied on points a relegation playoff took place. From 1931 until 1942 the points system was W:3, D:2, L:1, walk-over:0.
2010 FIFA World Cup Final | The 2010 FIFA World Cup Final (also known as the Battle of Johannesburg) was a football match that took place on 11 July 2010 at Soccer City in Johannesburg, South Africa, to determine the winner of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Spain defeated the Netherlands 1–0 with a goal from Andrés Iniesta four minutes from the end of extra time. English referee Howard Webb was selected to officiate the match, which was marked by an unusually high number of yellow cards.
2012 Copa Federación | The 2012 Copa Federación was the 1st Peruvian football championship contested by the winners of Primera División and the Copa Inca. The match was originally scheduled to take place on August 1, 2012 but was postponed by the Peruvian Federation due to overscheduling. The match will take place on September 9, 2012.
1934 Peruvian Primera División | The 1934 season of the Peruvian Primera División was the 19th season of top-flight Peruvian football. A total of 9 teams competed in this league. Alianza Lima was the regular champion, but as Universitario protested the rules, a playoff took place. After winning this playoff Universitario won the 1934 championship.
Teodoro Fernández | Teodoro Fernández Meyzán (born 20 May 1913 in Cañete — died 17 September 1996 in Lima), nicknamed "Lolo", was a Peruvian football striker. Arguably one of Peru's two most important football players (along with Teófilo Cubillas), he was part of the Peruvian squad that reached quarter-finals in the 1936 Olympic Games and won the 1939 Copa America, a tournament in which he emerged as the top scorer and best player. He was captain of the Peruvian national team between 1935 and 1947 scoring 24 goals in 32 matches.
Turone's goal | Turone's goal (Italian: Il gol di Turone ) has been for decades one of the most debated events in the history of Italian Football. It refers to the disallowing of a goal scored by Roma versus Juventus in a crucial match for the 1980-81 Serie A championship. It occurred during one of the last matches of the league season when the two teams were, along with Napoli, fighting for the title.
Argentina v England (1986 FIFA World Cup) | Argentina v England, played on 22 June 1986, was a football match between Argentina and England in the quarter-finals of the 1986 FIFA World Cup at the Estadio Azteca in Mexico City. The game was held four years after the Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom, and was a key part in the already intense Argentina–England football rivalry. It was also a match which included two of the most famous goals in football history, both scored by Diego Maradona.
West Germany v France (1982 FIFA World Cup) | West Germany v France was a FIFA World Cup semi-final match that took place in the Estadio Ramón Sánchez Pizjuán stadium in Seville, Spain on 8 July 1982. The match was won by West Germany on penalty kicks (5–4); West Germany advanced to face Italy in the final. Thanks to its back-and-forth drama, four goals in extra time, and a dramatic penalty shootout, this game is regarded not only as the best of the 1982 tournament, but one of the best World Cup games of all time. It is considered by French captain Michel Platini to be his "most beautiful game." West Germany's victory was the first time in World Cup finals history that a shootout determined the outcome.
William R. Fairchild International Airport | William R. Fairchild International Airport (IATA: CLM, ICAO: KCLM, FAA LID: CLM) is a public airport located within the city limits of Port Angeles, in Clallam County, Washington, United States. It lies three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Port Angeles, near the Strait of Juan de Fuca. The airport is owned by the Port of Port Angeles.
Chico Municipal Airport | Chico Municipal Airport (IATA: CIC, ICAO: KCIC, FAA LID: CIC) , often called CMA, is four miles (6 km) north of Chico, in Butte County, California. The airport covers 1,475 acres (6 km²), has two runways and one helipad. The airport's fixed-base operator, , provides fuel, maintenance, flight training and charter flights. The airport has seen airline jets, but no passenger airline serves Chico since United Express ended flights to San Francisco.
Ranchaero Airport | Ranchaero Airport is a private-use airport a mile west of Chico, in Butte County, California.
Chico Air Museum | The Chico Air Museum is a nonprofit aviation museum located at the Chico Municipal Airport in Chico, California. Its mission statement is to "collect, preserve, document and display aircraft, and aviation and space artifacts. The museum’s primary purpose is to educate and inspire people of all ages about aviation and the history of flight".
William Robert Johnston Municipal Airport | William Robert Johnston Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located in Mendota, a city in Fresno County, California, United States. This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility. It was known as Mendota Airport until 2008.
Aeronor Flight 304 | Aeronor Flight 304 was a Chilean domestic flight between the cities of Santiago and Antofagasta with two intermediate stops. On December 9, 1982, the Fairchild F-27 operating the flight crashed near La Florida Airport, in the Chilean city of La Serena. All 46 passengers and crew on board died.
Air Cortez | Air Cortez was a United States FAR 121 and 135 commuter airline that operated from 1977 to 1986. Air Cortez served a number of cities in Southern California, Arizona, Nevada and Baja California. In 1981, Air Cortez was operating nonstop passenger service between Ontario Airport (ONT) and Yuma, Arizona (YUM) with a Beech 18 prop aircraft. In 1985, the airline was operating scheduled passenger service between Las Vegas (LAS) and Grand Canyon National Park Airport (GCN) with Fairchild F-27 turboprop and Cessna 402 prop aircraft. Air Cortez also operated scheduled international passenger service to Mexico with the Fairchild F-27 on a routing of Ontario-San Diego-Guaymas-Mulege-Loreto.
Chile Chico Airfield | Chile Chico Airfield (Spanish: "Aeródromo Chile Chico" , IATA: CCH, ICAO: SCCC ) is a public use airport located 73 km east-northeast of Chile Chico, Aisén del General Carlos Ibañez del Campo, Chile.
London-Corbin Airport | London-Corbin Airport (IATA: LOZ, ICAO: KLOZ, FAA LID: LOZ) , also known as Magee Field, is a general aviation airport located in Laurel County, Kentucky, three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of London and about 12 miles north of Corbin. The airport is operated by both cities. It is not currently served by scheduled airline service, though service was once available on US Airways Express dba Air Kentucky and Tennessee Airways. Prior to the passage of the Airline Deregulation Act, the airport was served by Piedmont Airlines (1948-1989) turboprops, including the Fairchild Hiller FH-227 and the NAMC YS-11.
General William J. Fox Airfield | General William J. Fox Airfield (IATA: WJF, ICAO: KWJF, FAA LID: WJF) is a county owned, public airport in Los Angeles County, California, five miles northwest of Lancaster, California. Locally known as Fox Field, the airport serves the Antelope Valley.
Fort Pownall | Fort Pownall was a British fortification built during the French and Indian War, whose remains are located at Fort Point State Park in Stockton Springs, Maine. The fort was named for Governor Thomas Pownall, who oversaw its construction. It never saw action, and was destroyed during the American Revolutionary War by the actions of both colonists and the British military to prevent its further use. The fort's remains were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
Fort Halifax (Maine) | Fort Halifax is a former British colonial outpost on the banks of the Sebasticook River, just above its mouth at the Kennebec River, in Winslow, Maine. Originally built as a wooden palisaded fort in 1754, during the French and Indian War, only a single blockhouse survives. A National Historic Landmark, it is the oldest blockhouse in the United States. It is now set in a municipal park, and is open to the public in the warmer months. It was the first of three significant forts which the British built on the major rivers in the Northeast to cut off the native water ways to the ocean (also see Fort Pownall and Fort Frederick (Saint John, New Brunswick)).
Lincoln County, Maine | Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2010 census, the population was 34,457. Its county seat is Wiscasset. The county was founded in 1760 from a portion of York County, Massachusetts and named after the English city Lincoln, the birthplace of Massachusetts Bay Provincial Governor Thomas Pownall.
Fort Point State Park | Fort Point State Park is a public recreation area with historic features that overlooks Penobscot Bay from the easternmost tip of Cape Jellison in the town of Stockton Springs, Maine. The state park's 156 acre feature the Fort Point Light and the site of historic Fort Pownall. The park offers hiking trails, picnicking, and fishing.
Pownal, Maine | Pownal is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,474 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area. Pownal is home to Bradbury Mountain State Park.
Bradbury Mountain State Park | Bradbury Mountain State Park is a public recreation area in the town of Pownal, Cumberland County, Maine, managed by the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry. The state park covers 730 acre .
Pownalborough Courthouse | The Pownalborough Courthouse is a historic court house at 23 Courthouse Road in Dresden, Maine. Built in the early 1760s, it was the first county courthouse for Lincoln County, which was established in 1760. It is the only surviving courthouse in the state of Maine that was built during the colonial period, and is now a museum owned and operated by the Lincoln County Historical Society. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
Fort Frederick (Saint John, New Brunswick) | Fort Frederick was a British fort at what is now Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada. It was built during the St. John River Campaign of the French and Indian War. It was one of three significant forts which the British built on the major rivers in the Northeast to cut off the natives water way to the ocean (also see Fort Halifax and Fort Pownall).
Fort Mountain (Maine) | Fort Mountain is a mountain located in Piscataquis County, Maine, within Baxter State Park. Fort Mountain is flanked to the southeast by North Brother Mountain, and to the north by Mullen Mountain. Although officially trailless, a well-defined herd path leads to the summit of Fort from North Brother.
Fort Fairfield, Maine | Fort Fairfield is a town in Aroostook County, eastern Maine, United States, located along the Canada–US border. The population was 3,496 at the 2010 census.
The Afghan Whigs | The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. Originally active from 1986 to 2001, they have since reformed. The group – with core members Greg Dulli (vocals, rhythm guitar), Rick McCollum (lead guitar), and John Curley (bass) – rose up around the grunge movement, evolving from a garage band in the vein of the Replacements to incorporate more R&B and soul influences into their sound and image. After releasing their first album independently in 1988, the band signed to the Seattle-based label Sub Pop. They released their major-label debut and fourth album, "Gentlemen", in 1993. " Pitchfork" described them as "one of the few alt-bands to flourish on a major label" in the 1990s.
In Spades | In Spades is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs, released on May 5, 2017 on Sub Pop Records.
Congregation (The Afghan Whigs album) | Congregation is the third studio album by American alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs, released on January 31, 1992, by Sub Pop. After touring for two years in support of their 1990 album "Up in It", the band received $15,000 advance from Sub Pop to record a follow-up album. It was primarily recorded at Bear Creek Studios in Woodinville and Buzz's Kitchen in Los Angeles during July to August 1991. The band's frontman Greg Dulli produced the album entirely with audio engineer Ross Ian Stein. The album's production and release were hindered by Sub Pop's financial difficulties, which were eventually resolved by the massive commercial success of Nirvana's 1991 album "Nevermind".
Do to the Beast | Do to the Beast is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs, their first in 16 years. It was released on April 15, 2014 on Sub Pop Records, the same label that released their albums "Up in It" and "Congregation".
Historectomy | Historectomy is a promo compilation album from alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs, released in September, 1998 on Columbia.
Gentlemen (album) | Gentlemen is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs. It was released in October 1993 on Elektra Records/Sub Pop in America and Blast First in England, and was produced by Greg Dulli.
1965 (album) | 1965 is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs, released October 27, 1998, on Columbia Records. It was recorded primarily at Daniel Lanois' Kingsway Studios in New Orleans, with other recording locations at Ocean Way and Larrabee North in Los Angeles, The American Sector in New Orleans, and London Bridge in Seattle. The album was produced entirely by lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Greg Dulli, who also wrote most of the songs. The cover photograph shows astronaut Ed White on the first American space walk as part of the Gemini 4 flight.
The Twilight Singers | The Twilight Singers is an American indie rock band. The group was initially formed as a side project of The Afghan Whigs leader Greg Dulli in 1997. After the Afghan Whigs disbanded, Dulli used The Twilight Singers as his own artistic vehicle, and has now released five studio albums backed by worldwide tours.
Mr. Superlove | Mr. Superlove is the debut studio album by Cincinnati, Ohio-based indie rock band Ass Ponys. It was originally released in 1990 on OKra Records, and was subsequently reissued by Anyway Records with several bonus tracks. It was produced by the Afghan Whigs' bassist John Curley, and was recorded in his house. Upon its initial release, the album became a commercial flop due to distribution problems.
Unbreakable: A Retrospective 1990–2006 | Unbreakable: A Retrospective 1990–2006 is a compilation album from alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs, released on June 5, 2007 on Rhino Records.
Naples–Salerno high-speed railway | The Naples–Salerno high-speed railway line (also known in Italian as the Linea a Monte del Vesuvio, meaning the "line up Mount Vesuvius") is a link in the Italian high-speed rail network opened in June 2008. The 29 kilometre-long line is one of the new high-speed lines being built to strengthen rail transport system in Italy and in particular freight and passenger transport in Campania. The line is part of Corridor 1 of the European Union's Trans-European high-speed rail network, which connects Berlin and Palermo.
Mount Vesuvius | Mount Vesuvius ( ; Italian: "Monte Vesuvio" ] ; Neapolitan: "Vesuvio" ; Latin: "Mons Vesuvius" ] ; also "Vesevus " or "Vesaevus " in some Roman sources) is a somma-stratovolcano located on the Gulf of Naples in Campania, Italy, about 9 km east of Naples and a short distance from the shore. It is one of several volcanoes which form the Campanian volcanic arc. Vesuvius consists of a large cone partially encircled by the steep rim of a summit caldera caused by the collapse of an earlier and originally much higher structure.
Italian cruiser Vesuvio | Vesuvio was a protected cruiser of the Italian "Regia Marina" (Royal Navy) built in the 1880s. She was the third member of the "Etna" class , which included three sister ships. Named for the volcano Mount Vesuvius, the ship's keel was laid down in July 1883. She was launched in March 1886 and was commissioned into the fleet in March 1888. She was armed with a main battery of two 10 in and six 6 in guns, and could steam at a speed of around 17 kn . Her career was relatively uneventful; the only significant action in which she took part was the campaign against the Boxer Rebellion in China in 1900. She was stricken from the naval register in May 1911 and sold for scrap in 1915.
Vesuvius National Park | Vesuvius National Park (Italian: "Parco Nazionale del Vesuvio" ) is an Italian national park centered on the active volcano "Vesuvius", southeast from Naples. The park was founded in June 5, 1995 and covers an area of around 135 square kilometers all located within the Province of Naples.
Monte Nuovo | Monte Nuovo ("New Mountain") is a cinder cone volcano within the Campi Flegrei caldera, near Naples, southern Italy. A series of damaging earthquakes and changes in land elevation preceded its only eruption, during the most recent part of the Holocene, which lasted from September 29 to October 6, 1538, when it was formed.
Plinian eruption | Plinian eruptions or Vesuvian eruptions are volcanic eruptions marked by their similarity to the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD, which destroyed the ancient Italian cities of Herculaneum and Pompeii. The eruption was described in a letter written by Pliny the Younger, after the death of his uncle Pliny the Elder.
Amedeo Maiuri | Amedeo Maiuri (January 7, 1886 - April 7, 1963) was a renowned Italian archaeologist, famous for his archaeological investigations of the Roman city of Pompeii which was destroyed in the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in August of AD 79.
Eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 | The eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 was one of the most catastrophic volcanic eruptions in European history. Historians have learned about the eruption from the eyewitness account of Pliny the Younger, a Roman administrator and poet. It is the namesake for Vesuvian eruptions.
Avellino eruption | The Avellino eruption of Mount Vesuvius refers to a Plinian-type eruption that occurred in the 2nd millennium BC and is estimated to have had a VEI of 6. It is the source of the Avellino Pumice (Italian: "Pomici di Avellino" ) deposits named from the comune of Avellino in Campania where they have been found extensively.
Luigi Palmieri | Luigi Palmieri (April 22, 1807 – September 9, 1896) was an Italian physicist and meteorologist. He was famous for his scientific studies of the eruptions of Mount Vesuvius, for his researches on earthquakes and meteorological phenomena and for improving the seismograph of the time.
72nd Field Artillery Brigade (United States) | The 72nd Field Artillery Brigade is an AC/RC unit based at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey. The unit is responsible for training selected United States Army Reserve and National Guard units along the East coast. The brigade is a subordinate unit of First Army Division East, First United States Army.
218th Field Artillery Regiment (United States) | The 218th Field Artillery Regiment is a Field Artillery Regiment of the United States Army, Oregon Army National Guard. With lineage tracing back to 1866, it is the oldest National Guard artillery unit west of the Mississippi River continually serving. Today, its 2nd Battalion (2-218th Field Artillery) is a part of the 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team and is currently headquartered in Forest Grove, Oregon.
201st Field Artillery Regiment | The 201st Field Artillery Regiment ("First West Virginia") is the United States' oldest active National Guard unit, and oldest continually serving unit in the United States Army. Based in Fairmont, West Virginia, it was first activated in 1735. It currently perpetuates the Virginia elements of the Maryland and Virginia Rifle Regiment of the American Revolution.
72nd Mechanized Brigade (Ukraine) | The 72nd Mechanized Brigade is a formation of the Ukrainian Ground Forces. It was previously named the 29th Rifle Division (2nd formation) and then the 72nd Guards Rifle Division of the Soviet Ground Forces. in 1957, it became a motor rifle division.
101st Field Artillery Regiment | The 101st Field Artillery ("Boston Light Artillery") regiment is the oldest field artillery regiment in the United States Army with a lineage dating to 13 December 1636 when it was organized as the South Regiment. For the first 250 years of the unit's existence it served in infantry formations.
72nd Indian Infantry Brigade | The 72nd Indian Infantry Brigade was an infantry brigade, of both the British and Indian Armies, formed in the United Kingdom in January 1941 during the Second World War. On 1 June 1943 it was re-designated as the British 72nd Infantry Brigade.
62nd Brigade (United Kingdom) | The 62nd Brigade was a formation of the British Army. It was raised as part of the new army also known as Kitchener's Army and assigned to the 21st Division and served on the Western Front during the First World War. Brigadier-General George Gater succeeded Brigadier-General C G Rawling as commander of the brigade in November 1917.
72nd Brigade (United Kingdom) | The 72nd Brigade was an infantry brigade formation of the British Army in the First World War and the Second World War.
First United States Army | The First Army is the oldest and longest established field army of the United States Army, having seen service in both World War I and World War II, under some of the most famous and distinguished officers of the U.S. Army. It now serves as a mobilization, readiness and training command.
182nd Infantry Regiment (United States) | The 182nd Infantry Regiment is one of the oldest regiments in the United States Army. The regiment traces its history more than 230 years, when it was a colonial regiment of foot of the British Crown in Massachusetts. It later served in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, with Union forces in the American Civil War, and as a federalized Massachusetts National Guard regiment with the U.S. Army during World War I and World War II. For many years the regiment was a mechanized unit, and in 2006 the regiment was converted into the 182nd Cavalry Regiment, headquartered at Melrose Armory in Melrose, Massachusetts. Converted back into infantry in 2010, the only active element of the regiment is the 1st Battalion, 182nd Infantry Regiment.
Stanisław Kiszka | Stanisław Piotrowicz Kiszka (Lithuanian: "Stanislovas Kiška" ; died in 1513 or 1514) was a noble from the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. He became the founder of the House of Kiszka. He was sent on diplomatic missions to the Grand Duchy of Moscow and Kingdom of Poland. During the Second Muscovite–Lithuanian War (1500–03), he successfully defended Smolensk and became Great Hetman (commander of the army). Shortly before his death, Kiszka also became Grand Marshal of Lithuania.
Jan Kiszka | Jan Kiszka (1552–1592) was a politician, magnate, patron, and benefactor of Polish brethren in the 16th century Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Kiszka served as Carver of Lithuania from 1569, Royal Deputy Cupbearer of Lithuania and Elder of Samogitia from 1579, castellan of Vilnius from 1588, voivode of Brest 1589. The builder of Lubcha Castle in Belarus.
Stanisław Kiszka (bishop) | Stanisław Kiszka (Belarusian: Stanіslaў Kіshka, born in 1584 - died on February 13, 1626 in Wornie, Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth) was a Catholic Bishop and a convert from Calvinism. He was a noble, member of the Kiszka family.
Hetmans of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth | Hetmans of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth were the highest-ranking military officers, second only to the King, in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. The first Polish title of Grand Crown Hetman was created in 1505. The title of hetman was given to the leader of the Polish Army and until 1581 it was awarded only for a specific campaign or war. Later it became a permanent title, as did all the titles in the Kingdom of Poland and Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. It could not be revoked unless treachery had been proven (from 1585). Hetmans were not paid for their services by the Royal Treasury.
Janusz Kiszka | Janusz Kiszka (born 1600 in Krzywicze (today Belarus) – 1653) was a Polish politician and magnate in the 17th century Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Last of the Kiszka family. Royal Rotmistrz, starosta of Parnawa from 1610, Voivode of Polock since 1621, Field Lithuanian Hetman since 1635, Great Lithuanian Hetman since 1646.
Piotr Kiszka | Piotr Kiszka (died in 1534) was a noble of the House of Kiszka from the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. According to the military census of 1528, he was the 10th wealthiest magnate in the Grand Duchy. In case of war he had to provide 224 fully equipped cavalrymen to the army. That meant that he had more than 23,000 peasants in his dominions.
Royal Spring, Warsaw | The Royal Spring (Zdrój Królewski) is a well located in Romuald Traugutt Park on Zakroczymska Street in Warsaw. The spring's building was built in the 18th century, with construction beginning in 1770. It is also called the King Stanislaus Augustus Spring. In the 18th century it was very popular with residents of the Warsaw New Town as well as travellers, although the drinking water had to be paid for.
Stanislovas Kęsgaila (died 1532) | Stanislovas Kęstgaila (1503–1532) was a Lithuanian nobleman, son of Stanislovas Kęsgaila from the Kęsgailos family. Stanislovas Kęstgaila was the Elder of Samogitia (1527–1532) and castellan of Trakai (1528–1532). After marriage to Anna, daughter of Stanisław Kiszka, Stanislovas was the wealthiest magnate in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
Jan Kanty Moszyński | Jan Kanty Moszyński (c. 1690 – September 14, 1737) was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman and politician, Treasurer of the Crown Court from 1729. He came from a poor noble family but married the daughter of Augustus II the Strong. His grandfather was Andrzej Ludwik Moszyński (died 1683). His father, Aleksander Michał, lived in a small village in Podlasie and served as its treasurer. He was awarded the Order of White Eagle on February 18, 1730. Moszyński and more so his son Frederyk August Moszyński (1739–1786) built a notable museum collection.
Jan Konopacki | Jan Konopacki (born ? - died April 23, 1530 in Lubawa) - Bishop of Culm (Chełmno) (1508-1530), Treasury of the King of Poland, Provost of Malbork. He was nominated as bishop by Pope Julius II on February 23, 1508 and was consecrated in Lubawa on October 29 by the ordinarius of the diocese of Warmia, Łukasz Watzenrode. On April 18, 1518, he served as a witness in the marriage ceremony of king Zygmunt Stary and Bona Sforza. He was also present at the signing of Treaty of Kraków and the associated Prussian Homage in 1525. In 1524 he officially condemned the Protestant Reformation.
Wang Xiaoshuai | Wang Xiaoshuai (; born May 22, 1966) is a Chinese film director, screenwriter and occasional actor. He is commonly grouped under the loose association of filmmakers known as the "Sixth Generation" of the Cinema of China.
Wu Di (cinematographer) | Wu Di () is a Chinese cinematographer and one-time film director, known for his collaborations with Sixth Generation director, Wang Xiaoshuai. The director of photography for over ten films (all with mainland directors), Wu Di also wrote and directed a feature of his own, 1995's "Goldfish".
Cao Baoping | Cao Baoping is a Chinese film director. He has emerged in recent years as a figure in China's "midrange" cinema industry. Some industry watchers, like "Variety", have situated directors like Cao between the older fifth generation directors, such as Chen Kaige or Zhang Yimou, who have achieved major international and box-office success, and the more "underground" sixth generation directors, like Jia Zhangke and Wang Xiaoshuai.
11 Flowers | 11 Flowers () is a 2011 film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai centered on a boy named Wang Han who loses his white shirt which shows that he is his school's best gymnast. The loss of the shirt is to take on greater metaphorical meaning as the film progresses which is inspired by the director's own experience as a youth during the cultural revolution and the more general confusion of childhood.
Youth (2017 film) | Youth () is a 2017 Chinese coming-of-age drama film directed by Feng Xiaogang and written by Geling Yan. It was screened in the Special Presentations section at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival. It was scheduled to be released in China on October 1, 2017, but after previews in Beijing and other cities was pulled from National Day scheduled due to the sensitive topic of the setting at the time of the Sino-Vietnam War.
Jia Zhangke | Jia Zhangke (born 24 May 1970) is a Chinese film director and screenwriter. He is generally regarded as a leading figure of the "Sixth Generation" movement of Chinese cinema, a group that also includes such figures as Wang Xiaoshuai, Lou Ye, Wang Quan'an and Zhang Yuan.
Wang Chao (director) | Wang Chao (; born January 21, 1964 in Nanjing) is a Chinese film director and screenwriter, sometimes considered part of the loosely defined "sixth generation." Wang began his career serving as an assistant director to the fifth generation auteur, Chen Kaige, working with the elder director on epics like "Farewell My Concubine" and "The Emperor and the Assassin". At the same time, he began to write fiction including several short stories and novellas, one of which would later go on to serve sa the basis of Wang's directorial debut, "The Orphan of Anyang".
The House (1999 film) | The House is a 1999 Chinese film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai. It is rarely, if ever, screened abroad, and remains one of Wang Xiaoshuai's least well-known works outside of China. It is alternatively referred to as Suburban Dreams, Fantasy Garden or Dream House. The film was produced by the Beijing Film Studio and the China Film Group. Wang Xiaoshuai himself considers it one of his most inconsequential efforts to date, to the extent that it has "sunk into oblivion."
Xu Xiaoxi | Xu Xiaoxi (Chinese: 徐小溪; born November 18, 1981 in Chengdu) is a Chinese film director and screenwriter. He belongs to a new generation of filmmakers from China that are educated in the West. Since 2010 he co-directs all his films with the Spanish director Roberto F. Canuto and together open a film production company in China, "Almost Red Productions".
Del Lord | Del Lord (October 7, 1894March 23, 1970) was a Canadian film director and actor best known as a director of Three Stooges films.
Jonathan Aitken | Jonathan William Patrick Aitken (born 30 August 1942) is a former Conservative Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom (1974–97), and a former Cabinet minister. He was convicted of perjury in 1999 and received an 18-month prison sentence, of which he served seven months. He is currently president of Christian Solidarity Worldwide. Aitken was also a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom.
David Chaytor | David Michael Chaytor (born 3 August 1949) is a former British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Bury North from 1997 to 2010. He was the first member of Parliament to be sentenced following the United Kingdom Parliamentary expenses scandal of 2009.
Elliot Morley | Elliot Anthony Morley (born 6 July 1952) is a British former Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament for Glanford and Scunthorpe from 1987 to 1997 and then Scunthorpe from 1997 to 2010. In 2009, he was accused by "The Daily Telegraph" of continuing to claim parliamentary expenses for a mortgage that had already been repaid. Morley was prosecuted and on 7 April 2011 pleaded guilty in Southwark Crown Court to two counts of false accounting, involving over £30,000. On 20 May 2011, he was sentenced to 16 months' imprisonment. He was released from prison on 20 September 2011 having served a quarter of his sentence.
Jim Speechley | William James Speechley is a former Conservative Party councillor and former leader of the Lincolnshire County Council. He was awarded a CBE in 1992. In 2004 he was convicted of "misconduct in a public office" related to the route of the A1073 road (Spalding to Eye bypass), after not declaring a conflict of interest that land he owned would increase significantly in value as a result. He was sentenced to 18 months in jail.
Lord North Street | Lord North Street is a short street of Georgian terraced housing running between Smith Square and Great Peter Street in Westminster, the political heartland of British government. As such they have always commanded high fees and featured in many dramatic storylines. Past residents include the socialite Sibyl Colefax, founder of the Colefax and Fowler fabrics and wallpaper company, and Harold Wilson, twice Prime minister who in November 1974 alleged that renegade MI5 operatives had broken into his home. More recent residents include Jonathan Aitken and Theresa Gorman. The street is named after the 2nd Earl of Guilford, who was known for most of his life under his courtesy title Lord North, and was Prime Minister from 1770 to 1782.
Eugene Greene | Father Eugene Greene was a Catholic Priest who was sentenced to 12 years in prison in 1999 for abusing 26 boys over 20 years. see Sexual abuse scandal in Raphoe diocese.
Eoin McNamee (Irish Republican) | Eoin Mcnamee (MacNamee) was a long-time IRA member and former head of its Northern Command. McNamee died in August 1986. On 11 June 1939, McNamee was charged with being a member of the I.R.A. and sentenced to six months in Crumlin Road Jail, Belfast. In April 1942, a new IRA Army Council was elected and McNamee was named Adjutant General. During World War II, it is believed that McNamee met with a German agent in Ireland. Later in his life, he lived in the Chicago area of the US where he is supposed to have acted as the go-between for the IRA leadership and its weapons suppliers in the U.S.
Marcus Einfeld | Marcus Richard Einfeld (born 22 September 1938) is most notable as the first Australian former superior court judge to be imprisoned. In 2009 he was sentenced to three years in prison for perjury and for attempting to pervert the course of justice. He was a former justice of the Federal Court of Australia and the Supreme Courts of New South Wales, Western Australia and the Australian Capital Territory; a former President of the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission; a UNICEF Ambassador for Children; and a longtime spokesperson for Israeli and Jewish causes.
Oliver Popplewell | Sir Oliver Bury Popplewell (b.August 15, 1927, Northwood, Middlesex), is a former British judge and cricket player. He chaired the inquiry into the Bradford City stadium fire, presided over the libel case brought by Jonathan Aitken MP against "The Guardian" newspaper which eventually led to Aitken's imprisonment for perjury, and was widely reported for asking "What is Linford's lunchbox?" during a case over which he was presiding, brought by Linford Christie. He played first-class cricket for Cambridge University and was president of the Marylebone Cricket Club from 1994-96. He wrote a book about his legal career.
Bernard Henry McGinn | Bernard Henry McGinn (c. 1957 – body discovered 21 December 2013) was a Provisional Irish Republican Army (PIRA) member, specialising in explosives, who was sentenced to a total of 490 years imprisonment in 1999. He was released in 2000 under the terms of the Good Friday Agreement.
Marche | Marche (] ), or the Marches , is one of the twenty regions of Italy. The name of the region derives from the plural name of "marca", originally referring to the medieval March of Ancona and nearby marches of Camerino and Fermo. Marche is well known for its shoemaking tradition, with the finest and most luxurious Italian footwear being manufactured in this region.
March of Ancona | The March of Ancona (Italian: "Marca Anconitana" ) (also Anconetana) was a frontier march centred on the city of Ancona and, then, Macerata in the Middle Ages. Its name is preserved as an Italian region today, the Marches, and it corresponds to almost the entire modern region and not just the Province of Ancona.
Marchigiano dialect | Marchigiano refers to a tight cluster of local Romance speech types spoken in the central part of the region Marche, in Italy, in a zone which includes the provinces of Ancona, Macerata and Fermo. It is one of the Central Italian dialect types, and forms part of the typological continuum with Umbrian dialects and Tuscan. There are notable grammatical, lexical and idiomatic differences between Marchigiano and standard Italian language, but it is generally considered, along with the rest of Central Italian dialects, rather intelligible for a speaker of Standard Italian.
List of communes of Marche | The Central Italian Region of Marche, has five Provinces Ancona, Ascoli Piceno, Fermo, Macerata, Pesaro e Urbino.
March of Treviso | The March of Treviso (Latin: "Marca trevisana" , Italian: "Marca trevigiana "or" trivigiana" ) was a medieval territory in Venetia, between the Garda and the Julian March. The territory corresponded roughly to the region around the city of Treviso, including Belluno, Feltre, and Ceneda and the dioceses of all four cities. It bordered the March of Verona and the Muson. For this reason, the motto "Monti Musoni Ponto dominorque Naoni" was used for the march as early as 1162. Over time the march of Verona (Verona, Vicenza, and Padua) became merged with that of Treviso and the Trevisan denomination preferred. In the High Middle Ages the region was under the domination of the Guelph Caminesi and the Ghibelline Ezzelini families. In time the march came under the control of the Republic of Venice.
Ancona railway station | Ancona railway station, sometimes called Ancona Centrale, is the main railway station of Ancona, Region of Marché (the Marches). It is the most important station of the region and is owned by the Ferrovie dello Stato (FS), Italy's state-owned railway company.
Montefalcone Appennino | Montefalcone Appennino is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Fermo in the Italian region Marche, located about 85 km south of Ancona, about 30 km northwest of Ascoli Piceno and about 35 km east of Fermo. It occupies a spur between the rivers Aso and Tenna.
Monsampietro Morico | Monsampietro Morico is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Fermo in the Italian region Marche, located about 70 km south of Ancona, about 35 km north of Ascoli Piceno and 20 km of Fermo. It was founded in 1061 as a castle (rebuilt in the 15th century) under a Norman count from Apulia. Later it was part of the de Varano seigniory and, from 1415 to 1416, of Carlo Malatesta's lands. It is also home to a 13th-century Romanesque church, dedicated to St. Paul.
Genga, Marche | Genga is a town and "comune" of province of Ancona in the Italian region of the Marche, on the Sentino river about 7 km downstream and east of Sassoferrato and 12 km north of Fabriano.
Magliano di Tenna | Magliano di Tenna is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Fermo in the Italian region Marche, located about 50 km south of Ancona and about 30 km north of Ascoli Piceno. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,312 and an area of 7.8 km2 .
William Hughes Miller | William Hughes Miller (born March 16, 1941, Kosciusko, Mississippi) is a professor at the University of California, Berkeley and a leading researcher in the field of theoretical chemistry.
William Green Miller | William Green Miller (born August 15, 1931 in New York City, New York), served as the United States Ambassador to Ukraine under Bill Clinton, from 1993 to 1998.
Bill Miller (footballer, born 1908) | William "Bill" Miller (31 March 1908 – 1974) was an English professional footballer who made four appearances in the Football League, three for Luton Town and one for Southport. He was also on the books of Bolton Wanderers and Stockport County, without appearing in the Football League, and also played for several non-League clubs in the Cheshire and Lancashire area. He played as a centre half. Miller was born in Stockport, Cheshire, in 1908 and died in 1974, aged about 66.
William Herbert Miller, Jr. | William Hubert Miller, Jr. (September 1932 – November 4, 1988), of New York City, was an aerophilatelist who published philatelic literature on the subject.
William Read Miller | William Read Miller (November 23, 1823November 29, 1887) was the 12th Governor of the State of Arkansas. Born in Batesville, Arkansas; Miller was Arkansas's first native born Governor. Serving two terms in the turbulent period after Reconstruction, Miller's four-year administration marked the beginnings of New Departure Democrats in Arkansas. Running on a platform of economic growth via reconciliation between whites and freedmen, Miller often was opposed by members of his own party during the infancy of the Lost Cause ideology. His plans to pay back a large state debt including the Holford Bonds, valued at $14 million ($ million today), were often interrupted by racial violence, and his support for public schools and universities was often combated by those in his own party.
William Rickarby Miller | William Rickarby Miller (May 20, 1818 in Staindrop – July 1893 in New York City) was an American painter, of the Hudson River School.
W. Chrystie Miller | William Chrystie Miller (August 10, 1843 – September 23, 1922) was an American silent film actor. He appeared in 139 films between 1908 and 1914. Miller frequently appeared in films directed by David Wark Griffith and was known to film audiences as the "Grand Old Man of the Photodrama". He was born in Dayton, Ohio and died in Staten Island, New York.
Bill Miller (athlete) | William Preston "Bill" Miller (February 22, 1930 – October 27, 2016) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the javelin throw. He competed for the United States in the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland in the javelin throw where he won the silver medal. Miller was born in Lawnside, New Jersey.
Bill Miller (footballer, born 1890) | William "Bill" Miller (1890 – after 1924) was an English professional footballer who made seven appearances in the Football League for Brighton & Hove Albion. Before Brighton's admission to the Football League, Miller scored 40 goals from 84 games in the Southern League and 11 goals from 12 games in the Southern Alliance, and was their top scorer in the 1913–14 season with 20 goals in all competitions. He was born in Alnwick, Northumberland, and played as an inside forward.
Brit Miller | Brit William Miller (born September 15, 1986) is a former American football fullback. He was born in Decatur, Illinois. He went to high school at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eisenhower_High_School_(Decatur,_Illinois). He was signed by the Carolina Panthers as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Illinois. Miller also played for the San Francisco 49ers, and the St. Louis Rams. He was waived by the Rams on November 20, 2012.
Meleko Mokgosi | Meleko Mokgosi (born 1981) is an artist and assistant professor at the Gallatin School of Individualized Study at New York University. His work includes large-scale paintings that explore themes of colonialism, democracy, nationalism, and life in Southern Africa.
Annamarie Jagose | Annamarie Jagose (born Ashburton, New Zealand, 1965) is an LGBT academic and writer of fictional works. She gained her PhD (Victoria University of Wellington) in 1992, and worked in the Department of English with Cultural Studies at the University of Melbourne before returning to New Zealand in 2003, where she was a Professor in the Department of Film, Television and Media Studies at the University of Auckland and Head of the department from 2008 to 2010. From 2011 to 2016 she was Head of the School of Literature, Art and Media at the University of Sydney and in 2017 she took up the role of Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences at the University of Sydney
Yannis Bakos | Yannis Bakos is a professor at the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University. His primary area of expertise is the economic and business implications of information technology, the Internet, and online media. He is the co-founder (with Chris F. Kemerer) of the Workshop on Information Systems and Economics (WISE), and the co-inventor of Flexplay DVDs.
Yiannis Melanitis | Yiannis Melanitis (Greek: Γιάννης Μελανίτης ) is a Greek conceptual artist, performance artist, sculptor, installation artist, digital artist, born in Athens in 1967. Melanitis holds degrees in Painting, Sculpture and a master's degree in Digital Arts from the Athens School of Fine Arts (ASFA). He is a PhD Fellow at NTUA, Athens School of Architecture. In 2016 he was elected as an Assistant Professor at the Sculpture Department of the Athens School of Fine Arts.
Muneko Otani | Muneko Otani is an American violinist at the Mannes College The New School for Music whose CDs were published by E1 Music, Albany, Naxos, New World, Tzadik, and Composers Recordings, Inc. which were named as "the best" by "The New Yorker" magazine. She have studied violin at the Toho Gakuen School of Music under guidance from Toshiya Eto and did graduate work with Masuko Ushioda and Louis Krasner at the New England Conservatory. Later on she performed at such places as the Tanglewood Music and Kennedy Centers and even played at the Library of Congress and Parisian Théâtre des Champs-Élysées. She also worked as an assistant at Yale University in Tokyo String Quartet and is currently a teacher at both the University of Columbia and the Mannes College.
Allen Feldman | Allen Feldman is an anthropologist and professor. He is Professor of Media, Culture, and Communication at the New York University (NYU) Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development. He has taught at Central European University in Budapest, the Institute of Humanities Studies in Ljubljana, Slovenia, and in the Department of Performance Studies at NYU. He received a Ph.D. in cultural anthropology at New School for Social Research, where he also received his M.A. and B.A.
Atif Akin | Atif Akin (born in 1979, Bandırma, Turkey) is an artist and designer living in New York City. Akin studied engineering and design at Middle East Technical University in Ankara, Turkey. Over the past ten years, he has been teaching in Istanbul, Europe, and the US. Since 2011, he has been Assistant Professor of Visual Arts at the Mason Gross School of the Arts at Rutgers University. Akin’s work examines science, nature, mobility, and politics through contemporary media.
Tisch School of the Arts | The New York University Tisch School of the Arts (known more commonly as Tisch or TSOA) is a center of study in the performing and media arts. Founded on August 17, 1965, Tisch is a training ground for artists, scholars of the arts, filmmakers, and creative entrepreneurs. The school merges the technical training of a professional school with the academic resources of a major research university to immerse students in their intended artistic disciplines. It is located at 721 Broadway in Manhattan, New York City. NYU has the most alumni working at Broadway theatre.
Yrjö Sotamaa | Yrjö Kalervo Sotamaa (born 25 September 1942 in Helsinki) is a Finnish designer. Sotamaa is Professor Emeritus of Design Innovation in the Aalto University School of Art and Design and President Emeritus of the University of Art and Design Helsinki (Taik). He served as the President of TAIK from 1986 until 2008. He earned his MA in Interior Architecture and Furniture Design from TAIK, where he studied with Kaj Franck and Antti Nurmesniemi.
Chigozie Obioma | Chigozie Obioma (born 1986) is a Nigerian writer. Currently, he is an Assistant Professor of literature and creative writing at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. He has been called, in a "New York Times" book review, "the heir to Chinua Achebe." In 2015, he was named one of "100 Global Thinkers" by "Foreign Policy" magazine.
Restaurant: Impossible | Restaurant: Impossible is an American reality television series, featuring chef and restaurateur Robert Irvine, that aired on Food Network from 2011 to 2016.
Jean Joho | Jean Joho is a French-American chef and restaurateur. He is chef/proprietor of Everest in Chicago (founded in 1986), Paris Club Bistro & Bar and Studio Paris in Chicago, The Eiffel Tower Restaurant in Las Vegas, and Brasserie JO in Boston.
List of Restaurant: Impossible episodes | This is the list of the episodes for the American cooking and reality television series "Restaurant Impossible", produced by Food Network. The premise of the series is that within two days and on a budget of $10,000, celebrity chef Robert Irvine renovates a failing American restaurant with the goal of helping to restore it to profitability and prominence. Irvine is assisted by a designer (usually Taniya Nayak, Cheryl Torrenueva, or Lynn Keagan, but sometimes Vanessa De Leon, Krista Watterworth, Yvette Irene, or Nicole Faccuito), along with general contractor Tom Bury, who sometimes does double duty as both general contractor and designer. After assessing the problems with the restaurant, Robert Irvine typically creates a plan for the new decor, oversees the cleaning of the restaurant, reduces the size of the menu and improves the food, develops a promotional activity, educates the restaurant's owners, or trains the staff, as needed by each restaurant.
Michael Psilakis | Michael Psilakis is a Greek-American New York City restaurateur best known for his appearances on television shows including "Ultimate Recipe Showdown", "Iron Chef America", "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" and "No Kitchen Required". He has owned and operated a number of popular restaurants around New York and has cooked for President Barack Obama at the White House.
Abdul Latif (restaurateur) | Abdul Latif, FRSA (Bengali: আব্দুল লতিফ ; 15 December 1954 – 20 January 2008) was a Bangladeshi-born British restaurateur and curry chef. He was well known for his dish "Curry Hell" introduced in 1987 a curry reputedly so hot (Latif claimed it was "the world's hottest") that it was offered for free to patrons of his Newcastle restaurant who could finish the entire meal. The dish contained four times the amount of chilli found in a typical vindaloo.
Marco Pierre White | Marco Pierre White (born 11 December 1961) is a British chef, restaurateur, and television personality from Leeds. White has been dubbed the first celebrity chef, and the "enfant terrible" of the UK restaurant scene. He was called the godfather of modern cooking by Australian "MasterChef" (Season 4, Episode 53). White was the youngest chef ever to have been awarded three Michelin stars. He has trained notable chefs such as Mario Batali, Gordon Ramsay, Curtis Stone and Shannon Bennett.
Louis Vaudable | Louis Jules Annet Vaudable (25 August 1902 – 29 April 1983) was a French restaurateur, known for having been the owner of the most famous restaurant in the world, Maxim's.
Régis Marcon | Régis Marcon (born 14 June 1956) is a French chef and "Maître Restaurateur". He is the owner of the restaurant "Le Clos des Cimes" located in Saint-Bonnet-le-Froid in the Haute-Loire, awarded three stars by the Guide Michelin since 2005.
Vanessa Deleon | Vanessa Deleon is a New York-based interior designer and television personality with offices on the Gold Coast of NJ and in New York City's Chelsea neighborhood. She was previously featured on the Food Network program "Restaurant Impossible" and is known for her work on HGTV's programs "Generation Renovation", "Designer's Challenge", "Bang for Your Buck" and "Design Star".
The Hotplate | The Hotplate was an Australian cooking reality television series which aired on the Nine Network on 28 July 2015. The show consisted of state-based restaurants with teams travelling the country to dine in and score each other's restaurants. The restaurants were judged by British food writer and critic, Tom Parker Bowles and Melbourne restaurateur, Scott Pickett. The show pit six established suburban restaurants against each other all striving for a leg up in the industry—and an extra $100,000 in the bank, Sydney’s Guillaume Brahimi, the French-born chef, appeared as a special guest judge during all elimination episodes.
Proposition Joe | Joseph Stewart, better known as "Proposition Joe" or "Prop Joe", is a fictional character on the HBO drama "The Wire", played by actor Robert F. Chew. Joe was an Eastside drug lord who preferred a peaceful solution to business disputes when possible. He was responsible for creating the lucrative New Day Co-Op with Stringer Bell, supplying much of Baltimore with heroin brought into the city by "The Greeks". Joe was a portly and amiable presence, but was often a match in wits for rival drug lords Avon Barksdale and Marlo Stanfield, and was able to manipulate most situations to his advantage. His nickname stemmed from his trademark phrase "I've got a proposition for you", going back to his days selling test answers on the school yard. Along with Poot Carr, Wee-Bey Brice, Omar Little, and Bubbles, he is one of the few characters from the drug trade to appear in every season.
The Takeover (film) | The Takeover is a 1995 action film starring Billy Drago and Nick Mancuso as rival drug lords. David Amos and Gene Mitchell play good-guys who try to intervene in the turf war.
Raymond Cruz | Raymond Cruz (born July 9, 1961) is an American actor, best known for his starring role as Detective Julio Sanchez in the series "The Closer" and his recurring role as the drug lord Tuco Salamanca in the crime drama "Breaking Bad" and its spin-off "Better Call Saul". He currently stars on the series "Major Crimes", a spinoff of "The Closer", reprising the role of Sanchez.
Dan Ferro | Dan Ferro is a retired American television and film actor, best known for his role as Tommy Ortega in the 1980s television series "Falcon Crest" and for his role as drug lord Tony Romero in "". Among his other works, he played an inept narcissistic soldier in 1996's "Sgt. Bilko", and later appeared in the 2001 film "Blow."
Al Israel | Al Israel (April 16, 1935 – March 16, 2011) was an American film and TV actor who is best known for his role as the Colombian drug dealer "Hector the Toad" in the 1983 "Scarface". He also appeared alongside Al Pacino in "Carlito's Way" a decade later.
D'Angelo Barksdale | D'Angelo "D" Barksdale is a fictional character on the HBO drama "The Wire", played by Larry Gilliard Jr. D'Angelo is the nephew of Avon Barksdale and a lieutenant in his drug dealing organization which controls most of the trade in West Baltimore. The immorality and ruthlessness of the drug trade gradually wears on his conscience, bringing him into conflict with the Barksdale leadership, most notably Stringer Bell.
Robert F. Chew | Robert Frederick Chew (December 28, 1960 – January 17, 2013) was an American actor. He was best known for portraying drug kingpin Proposition Joe on the HBO drama series "The Wire".
The Restless Gun | The Restless Gun is an American western television series that appeared on NBC between 1957 and 1959, with John Payne in the role of Vint Bonner, a wandering cowboy in the era after the American Civil War. A skilled gunfighter, Bonner is an idealistic person who prefers peaceful resolutions of conflict wherever possible. He is gregarious, intelligent, and public-spirited. The half-hour black-and-white program aired seventy-eight episodes.
Frank Lucas (drug dealer) | Frank Lucas (born September 9, 1930) is an American former drug trafficker, who operated in Harlem during the late 1960s and early 1970s. He was particularly known for cutting out middlemen in the drug trade and buying heroin directly from his source in the Golden Triangle. Lucas boasted that he smuggled heroin using the coffins of dead American servicemen, but this claim is denied by his South East Asian associate, Leslie "Ike" Atkinson. Rather than hide the drugs in the coffins, they were hidden in the pallets underneath as depicted in the 2007 feature film "American Gangster" in which he was played by Denzel Washington, although the film fictionalized elements of Lucas' life for dramatic effect.
List of Power episodes | "Power" is an American television drama broadcast on Starz created by Courtney Kemp Agboh. The series follows James St. Patrick (played by Omari Hardwick), nicknamed "Ghost", owner of a popular New York City nightclub, and a major player in one of the city's biggest illegal drug networks. He struggles to balance these two lives, and the balance topples when he realizes he wants to leave the drug ring in order to support his legitimate business, and commit to his mistress. The series premiered on June 7, 2014.
Toby Sawyer | Toby Sawyer (born 27 March 1969 in Wilmslow, Cheshire, England) is a British actor.
Miranda Sawyer | Miranda Sawyer (born 1967) is an English journalist and broadcaster. She grew up in Wilmslow, Cheshire with her brother Toby, who is an actor. She has a degree in Jurisprudence from Pembroke College, Oxford. She moved to London in 1988 to begin a career as a journalist with the magazine "Smash Hits".
Joe Sawyer | Joe Sawyer (August 29, 1906 – April 21, 1982) was a Canadian film actor born Joseph Sauers. He appeared in more than 200 films between 1927 and 1962, and was sometimes billed under his birth name. He was born in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
Scotty Emerick | Walter Scott "Scotty" Emerick (born July 11, 1973 in Hollywood, Florida) is an American country music artist, known primarily for his work with Toby Keith. In addition to penning several of Keith's singles, Emerick has also written for Sawyer Brown, George Strait and several other artists. In 2004, Emerick was named "Songwriter of the Year" by the Nashville Songwriters Association. He recorded an unreleased album, "The Coast Is Clear", for DreamWorks Records in 2003, and has charted four singles on the country charts, including a No. 24-peaking duet with Keith, "I Can't Take You Anywhere". One of his songs, "What's Up with That", was featured in the soundtrack to the film "Broken Bridges".
Jared Sawyer Jr. | Jared Andre Sawyer Jr. born September 28, 1997) is an American actor, author, evangelist, and activist. He is best known for his viral videos as a preaching child prodigy and appearances in television and film. He was the minister at Center Hill Baptist Church in Atlanta, Georgia but now Ministers at Greater Piney Grove Baptist Church, a 7,000 member congregation in Atlanta, Georgia. He is the CEO of Jared Sawyer Ministries Inc. He plays the role of Devon in the feature film The Best of Enemies, starring Taraji P. Henson releasing in 2018.
Frederick A. Sawyer | Frederick Adolphus Sawyer (December 12, 1822July 31, 1891) was a United States Senator from South Carolina. Born in Bolton, Massachusetts, he attended the public schools, graduated from Harvard University in 1844, taught school in New England from 1844 to 1859, and took charge of the State normal school at Charleston, South Carolina in 1859. He returned to the North during the Civil War, and returned to Charleston in February 1865 where he was active in advancing Reconstruction measures. On the night of April 14, 1865, Sawyer was at Ford's Theater in Washington D.C. and witnessed the assassination of President Lincoln. He was appointed collector of internal revenue in the second South Carolina district in 1865, and upon the readmission of the State of South Carolina to representation, Sawyer was elected as a Republican to the U.S. Senate, serving from July 16, 1868, to March 4, 1873. While in the Senate, he was chairman of the Committee on Education (Forty-first Congress) and a member of the Committee on Education and Labor (Forty-second Congress).
Toby Turner | Tobias Joseph "Toby" Turner (born March 3, 1985), also known by his stage name Tobuscus, is an American Internet personality, actor, comedian and musician. Originally from Niceville, Florida, he currently resides in Los Angeles, California and is best known for his YouTube videos, as well as a number of television and film roles. As of July 26, 2016, Turner has a total of over 14.95 million subscribers and over 3.7 billion video views over his three YouTube channels.
Toby Moll | Tobias "Toby" Mortimer Moll (20 July 1890 – 15 July 1916) was a South African rugby union player from Cape Town. He was awarded a single cap for South Africa on 27 August 1910, against the British Isles team on its 1910 tour of South Africa. He played for Randfontein RFC, Transvaal, and Western Province.
Thomas C. Sawyer | Thomas C. "Tom" Sawyer (born August 15, 1945) is an American politician who represented his hometown of Akron, Ohio on all levels of government for nearly fifty years. Previously, he served in the United States Congress, in the Ohio Senate, in the Ohio House of Representatives and as the Mayor of Akron. He is a Democrat.
Toby Gilmore | Tobias "Toby" Gilmore (c. 1742/c. 1747April 19, 1812) was born in coastal West Africa as Shibodee Turrey Wurry, the son of a local chieftain. He was kidnapped at the age of sixteen by slave traders. Later he would regain his freedom by enlisting in the Continental Army during the American Revolution.
Tony Kaye (director) | Tony Kaye (born 8 July 1952) is a British director of films, music videos, advertisements, and documentaries.
Tony Kaye (musician) | Tony Kaye (born Anthony John Selvidge, 11 January 1946) is an English keyboardist and songwriter. Kaye was the original keyboard player for the progressive rock group Yes, from 1968 to 1971, and toured with David Bowie from 1975 to 76 for the "Station to Station" tour. He rejoined Yes from 1983 to 1995. Between his stints with Yes, he was also a founder member of the 1970s rock bands Badger and Detective, and joined Badfinger for their last album in 1981. Kaye currently plays with CIRCA:, which also features Yes member Billy Sherwood, and formerly included Yes drummer Alan White. Kaye was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Yes in 2017.
Deepa Mehta | Deepa Mehta, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( born 15 September 1950) is an Indo-Canadian film director and screenwriter, most known for her Elements Trilogy, "Fire" (1996), "Earth" (1998), and "Water" (2005); among which "Earth" was sent by India as its official entry for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, and "Water" was Canada's official entry for Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, making it only the third non-French-language Canadian film submitted in that category after Attila Bertalan's 1990 invented-language film "A Bullet to the Head" and Zacharias Kunuk's 2001 Inuktitut-language feature "", and the first to receive an Oscar nomination.
Tony Charmoli | Tony Charmoli (born June 11, 1922) is an American dancer, choreographer, and director. He began dancing on Broadway in such shows as "Make Mine Manhattan" but soon began choreographing for television with "Stop the Music" in 1949. Charmoli then choreographed dance sequences for the popular "Your Hit Parade", winning his first Emmy Award in 1955. He went on to direct and choreograph for some of the biggest stars including Dinah Shore, Lily Tomlin, Danny Kaye, Julie Andrews, Cyd Charisse, Shirley MacLaine, Mitzi Gaynor, and others. On Broadway, Tony choreographed "Ankles Aweigh" (1955) and "Woman of the Year" (1981) with Lauren Bacall.
Amar Mehta | Amar Mehta (born November 19, 1990 in Staten Island, United States) is an American figure skater and author. Mehta represented India in international competition. At the 2007 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, he became the first man to represent India at an ISU Championship. His older sister Ami Parekh is also a competitive figure skater.
Richie Mehta | Richie Mehta (born in Mississauga, Ontario) is a Canadian film director. His first feature film, "Amal", was released in 2008, and was nominated for Best Motion Picture and Best Director at the 29th Genie Awards.
Mehli Mehta | Mehta was born in Bombay, India to a Parsi family. His involvement in music stemmed from his birth. As a young violinist his main musical influence and inspiration was Jascha Heifetz. A pioneering figure in the Indian musical world, he founded the Bombay Symphony Orchestra in 1935, and was its Concertmaster (1935–1945) and conductor (1945–1955). He was married to Tehmina.
Apara Mehta | Apara Mehta (born 13 August 1960) is an Indian television and Bollywood actress known for her supporting roles like "Savita Mansukh Virani" in iconic show "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi".
Ved Mehta | Ved Parkash Mehta (born 21 March 1934) is a writer who was born in Lahore, British India (now a Pakistani city) to a Punjabi Hindu family. He lost his sight at the age of four to cerebrospinal meningitis. Because of the limited prospects for blind people in general, his mother, Shanti Mehta, and father, Amolak Ram Mehta, a doctor, sent him over 1,300 miles away to the Dadar School for the Blind in Bombay.
Shekhar Mehta | Chandrashekhar "Shekhar" Mehta (20 June 1945 – 12 April 2006) was a Ugandan-born Kenyan rally driver. He won the Safari Rally a record five times (1973, 1979–82), including four consecutively, and in 1981 finished fifth in the World Rally Championship. A Kenyan of Indian descent, he was born in 1945 to a family of plantation owners in Uganda, and began rallying behind the wheel of a BMW aged 21. In 1972 he and his family fled Idi Amin's regime to Kenya, the year before he clinched his first Safari Rally title.
Boise Towne Square | Boise Towne Square is a mall in the western United States, located in Boise, Idaho. The largest retail complex in the state, it opened in 1988 after more than 20 years of planning, and features over 186 stores, with Macy's (formerly The Bon Marché), JCPenney, Sears, Kohl's and Dillard's (added in 1998) as anchor stores. The mall also includes the first Apple Store in Idaho. Boise Towne Square is owned by the Chicago-based General Growth Properties and is located near the junction of Interstate 84 and Interstate 184.
The Bon Marché | The Bon Marché, whose French name translates to "the good market" or "the good deal", was a department store chain launched in Seattle, Washington, United States, in 1890 by Edward Nordhoff. The name was influenced by Le Bon Marché, the noted Parisian retailer. In 1929, The Bon Marché was acquired by Hahn Department Stores and reorganized as Allied Stores, a few years later. A solid middle-range store, The Bon served largely working-class Seattle; branches were added in several Northwestern cities. Among them were Spokane, Tacoma, Yakima, Kennewick, Longview, Walla Walla, Olympia, and Bellingham, Washington, Missoula, Montana, Great Falls, Montana, Idaho Falls, Idaho and Boise, Idaho. Commonly known to customers as The Bon, the company dropped the Marché from their name in the late 1970s before returning it in the mid-1980s.
Abraham &amp; Straus | Abraham & Straus, commonly shortened to A&S, was a major New York City department store, based in Brooklyn. Founded in 1865, it became part of Federated Department Stores in 1929. Shortly after Federated's 1994 acquisition of R.H. Macy & Company, it eliminated the A&S brand. Most A&S stores took the Macy's name, although a few became part of Stern's, another Federated division, but one that offered lower-end goods than did Macy's or A&S.
Macy's Herald Square | Macy's Herald Square, originally known as the R. H. Macy and Company Store, is the flagship of Macy's department stores, located on Herald Square in Manhattan, New York City. The building's 2.2 million square feet (almost 205,000 square meters) makes it one of the world's largest department stores. s of 2016 , the store has stood at the site for 115 years.
Macy (given name) | Macy is a female given name, which means "weapon" in Old French. Other spelling variations of the name include Macie, Macey, Maci, and Maisie. The name's popularity increased after Rowland Macy founded the Macy's chain of department stores. The name Macy may refer to:
Macy's | Macy's, originally R. H. Macy & Co., is a department store owned by Macy's, Inc. It is one of two divisions owned by the company, with the other being Bloomingdale's. s of 2016 , the Macy's division operates 728 department store locations in the continental United States, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and Guam, including the Herald Square flagship location in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
Macy's East | Macy's East, New York City, New York was a division of Macy's, Inc.. It was the operating successor to the original R.H. Macy & Co., Inc. and operates the Macy's department stores in the northeast U.S. and Puerto Rico. Over the years it has been known as Macy's New York and Macy's Northeast. On February 1, 2006, Macy's East assumed operating control over the Filene's, Strawbridge's, many of the Kaufmann's stores in upstate New York and the Hecht's stores in Pennsylvania, Maryland, D.C. and northern Virginia. These locations assumed the Macy's moniker officially on September 9, 2006. In 2008, Macy's East merged with Macy's North. On February 2, 2009, Macy's Inc. announced plans to consolidate all Macy's divisions into a single division based in New York. Then Macy's West was also consolidated into Macy's East during the second quarter of 2009. Macy's East was then merged into Macy's Inc.
Macy's Central | Macy's Central, headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, is a division of Macy's, Inc. It has stores in Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas (except for the El Paso area stores, which are part of Macy's West), and Virginia (except for Northern Virginia stores, which are part of Macy's East). The divisional flagship store is located at Lenox Square in Atlanta.
Macy's West | Macy's West was a longtime division of Macy's, Inc. (formerly Federated Department Stores), representing one of the New York-based department store chain's earliest notable acquisitions and westward expansions. Headquartered in San Francisco, California, this particular group of Macy's store locations included 258 sites by February 2, 2009, when the company announced plans to consolidate all Macy's divisions into a single division based in New York. The consolidation became effective during the second quarter of 2009.
Davison's | Davison's of Atlanta was a department store chain and an Atlanta shopping institution. It was the major competition to Rich's and it took the Macy's name in 1986.
Lizzette Reynolds | Lizzette Gonzalez Reynolds (born c. 1965) is Statewide Policy and Programs Deputy Commissioner, Education Agency, State of Texas. She came to public attention in November 2007 over the controversial firing of Christine Comer.
Jody Reynolds | Jody Reynolds (December 3, 1932 – November 7, 2008) was an American rock and roll singer, guitarist, and songwriter whose song "Endless Sleep" was a major U.S. top-ten hit in the summer of 1958. His follow-up single, "Fire of Love", peaked at only #66 on the Billboard chart, but the song went on to become a blues-punk classic after being covered by the MC5 and the Gun Club.
Leah Betts | Leah Sarah Betts (1 November 1977 – 16 November 1995) was a schoolgirl from Latchingdon in Essex, England. She is notable for the extensive media coverage that followed her death shortly after her 18th birthday. On 11 November, she took an ecstasy (MDMA) tablet, and then drank approximately 7 litres of water in a 90-minute period. Four hours later, she collapsed into a coma, from which she did not recover.
Debby Reynolds | Deborah Reynolds CB served as the Chief Veterinary Officer (CVO) of the United Kingdom from March 2004 until she retired in November 2007. She is usually referred to as Debby Reynolds, or less often as Deborah Reynolds.
Emily J. Reynolds | Emily J. Reynolds (born c. 1956) was the Secretary of the United States Senate from January 7, 2003 to January 3, 2007. She was appointed Secretary of the Senate when the United States Senate convened on January 7, 2003, for the 108th Congress. Prior to her appointment as Secretary, Reynolds was the chief of staff for Senator Bill Frist. She is the thirty-first person, and the fifth woman, to serve as Secretary of the Senate.
Susan Reynolds Crease | Susan Reynolds Crease (November 18, 1855 – July 15, 1947) was an English-born Canadian artist and activist for women's rights.
Bertha Reynolds | Bertha Capen Reynolds (December 11, 1887 in Brockton, Massachusetts – October 29, 1978 at her home at 760 Pleasant Street, Stoughton, Massachusetts) was an American Social Worker who was influential in the creation of Strength Based Practice, Radical social work and Critical social work, among others.
Pam Reynolds case | Pam Reynolds Lowery (1956 – May 22, 2010), from Atlanta, Georgia, was an American singer-songwriter. In 1991, at the age of 35, she stated that she had a near-death experience (NDE) during a brain operation performed by Robert F. Spetzler at the Barrow Neurological Institute in Phoenix, Arizona. Her experience is one of the most widely documented in near-death studies because of the circumstances under which it happened. Reynolds was under close medical monitoring during the entire operation. During part of the operation she had no brain-wave activity and no blood flowing in her brain, which rendered her clinically dead. She claimed to have made several observations during the procedure which later medical personnel reported to be accurate.
Connie Douglas Reeves | Connie Douglas Reeves (September 26, 1901 – August 17, 2003) was believed to be America's oldest cowgirl. She was the oldest member of the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame, and one of the first women to study law at a Texas law school. One of Reeves most notable quotes was "Always saddle your own horse", which Liz Smith once suggested in her gossip column was "not a bad motto, even if you are just getting into your Mercedes." In 1998, the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum awarded Reeves the Chester A. Reynolds Memorial Award for her contributions to the Western way of life. She was one of only two women to have earned the award; the other being Mollie Taylor Stevenson Jr., founder of the American Cowboy Museum.
Elisha Reynolds Potter | Elisha Reynolds Potter (November 5, 1764 – September 26, 1835) was a statesman in the Federalist Party from Kingston, Rhode Island, who served several times as the Speaker in the Rhode Island State Assembly.
There's a sucker born every minute | "There's a sucker born every minute" is a phrase closely associated with P. T. Barnum, an American showman of the mid-19th century, although there is no evidence that he said it. Early examples of its use are found instead among gamblers and confidence men.
P. T. Barnum | Phineas Taylor Barnum (July 5, 1810 – April 7, 1891) was an American politician, showman, and businessman remembered for promoting celebrated hoaxes and for founding the Barnum & Bailey Circus. Although Barnum was also an author, publisher, philanthropist, and for some time a politician, he said of himself, "I am a showman by profession...and all the gilding shall make nothing else of me", and his personal aim was "to put money in his own coffers". Barnum is widely, but erroneously, credited with coining the phrase "There's a sucker born every minute".
There's a Fool Born Every Minute | "There's a Fool Born Every Minute" is a song written by Paul Evans and Paul Parnes. It was recorded and released as a single in 1968 by American country artist, Skeeter Davis.
The Flim-Flam Man | The Flim-Flam Man (titled "One Born Every Minute" in some countries) is a 1967 American comedy film directed by Irvin Kershner, featuring George C. Scott, Michael Sarrazin, and Sue Lyon, based on the 1965 novel "The Ballad of the Flim-Flam Man" by Guy Owen. The movie has well-known character actors in supporting roles, including Jack Albertson, Slim Pickens, Strother Martin, Harry Morgan, and Albert Salmi.
There's One Born Every Minute | There's One Born Every Minute is a 1942 American Universal Pictures comedy film directed by Harold Young. It was the debut film of Elizabeth Taylor. It is also known as Man or Mouse.
Whomp That Sucker | Whomp That Sucker is the tenth album by the American rock band Sparks, released in 1981.
Bill Foster (performer) | William Wallace Foster (January 23, 1932 – May 10, 2000), known as "The Fox", was an MC on the first season of Comedy Central's "The Man Show" under the show's original hosts, Adam Carolla and Jimmy Kimmel. He was billed as "The World's Fastest Beer Drinker", a feat which he performed in an appearance on the TV show "Taxi" as well as numerous times on "The Man Show".
Stepin Fetchit | Lincoln Theodore Monroe Andrew Perry (May 30, 1902 – November 19, 1985), better known by the stage name Stepin Fetchit, was an American comedian and film actor, who had his greatest fame throughout the 1930s. In films and on stage, the persona of Stepin Fetchit was billed as "the Laziest Man in the World".
The Man Who Called Himself Jesus | "The Man Who Called Himself Jesus" is a song by English band Strawbs written by Dave Cousins. It appears on their album "Strawbs". An alternative mix of the song may be found on the 2006 box set "A Taste of Strawbs".
The Man Who Melted Jack Dann | The Man Who Melted Jack Dann is the name of a word game inspired by Jack Dann's book "The Man Who Melted" (1984). The aim of the game is to place the writer's name in front or behind the title of one of the writer's book and see if you get a funny sentence. Extra credit is given for shifting a word's part of speech entirely, or appropriating part of the name as part of the sentence or phrase. For example "Two Sisters Gore Vidal", "The Joy of Cooking Irma S. Rombauer", "Captain Blood Returns Raphael Sabatini", "Flush Virginia Woolf", "Paradise Lost John Milton," "Clans of the Alphane Moon Philip K. Dick", "Contact Carl Sagan", "Tim O'Brien Going after Cacciato", "Dan Brown Lost Symbol", and "The Martian Chronicles Ray Bradbury".
Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River | The Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River, also known as the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on () or the Second Phase Campaign Western Sector (), was a decisive battle in the Korean War, and it took place from November 25 to December 2, 1950, along the Ch'ongch'on River Valley in the northwestern part of North Korea. In response to the successful Chinese First Phase Campaign against the United Nations forces, General Douglas MacArthur launched the Home-by-Christmas Offensive to evict the Chinese forces from Korea and to end the war. Anticipating this reaction, the Chinese People's Volunteer Army Commander Peng Dehuai planned a counteroffensive, dubbed the "Second Phase Campaign", against the advancing UN forces.
Battle of Lacolle Mills (1812) | The Battle of Lacolle River was fought on November 20, 1812, during the War of 1812. In this relatively short and fast battle, a very small garrison of Canadian militia, with the assistance of Kahnawake Mohawk warriors, defended a makeshift log guardhouse on the Montreal road at the bridge over the Lacolle River (present day village of Lacolle, Quebec).
Neuvilly-en-Argonne | World War I. The Battle of the Meuse-Argonne was fought in this region. The 35th Division Field Hospital 140, Sanitary Train Division 110 established a triage center in the bombed out church. The time frame would have been between September 1918 and October 1918.
Battle of Verdun | The Battle of Verdun ("Bataille de Verdun", ] , "Schlacht um Verdun", ] ), fought from 21 February to 18 December 1916, was the largest and longest battle of the First World War on the Western Front between the German and French armies. The battle took place on the hills north of Verdun-sur-Meuse in north-east France. The German 5th Army attacked the defences of the Fortified Region of Verdun ("RFV, Région Fortifiée de Verdun") and those of the French Second Army on the right bank of the Meuse. Inspired by the experience of the Second Battle of Champagne in 1915, the Germans planned rapidly to capture the Meuse Heights, an excellent defensive position with good observation for the artillery to bombard Verdun. The Germans hoped that the French would commit their strategic reserve to recapture the position and suffer catastrophic losses in a battle of annihilation, not costly for the Germans because of their tactical advantage.
Battle of Charleroi | The Battle of Charleroi (French: "Bataille de Charleroi" ), or the Battle of the Sambre, was fought on 21 August 1914, by the French Fifth Army and the German 2nd and 3rd armies, during the Battle of the Frontiers. The French were planning an attack across the Sambre River, when the Germans attacked first, forced back the French from the river and nearly cut off the French retreat by crossing the Meuse around Dinant and getting behind the French right flank. The French were saved by a counter-attack at Dinant and the re-direction of the 3rd Army to the north-west in support of the 2nd Army, rather than south-west.
Second Phase Campaign | The Second Phase Campaign of the Korean War was an extended military offensive by the Chinese People's Volunteer Army during the last week of November, 1950, and the first two weeks of December. The two major engagements were battles near the Ch'ongch'on River in the Chinese-designated Western Sector and Chosin Reservoir in their Eastern Sector. The Chinese opposed United Nations-authorized forces composed of American military and various allied forces.
Battle of Broekhuizen | The battle of Broekhuizen, a small Dutch village near the Meuse, was a small battle which took place at the end of the Second World War as part of the allied campaign to liberate the left bank of the river Meuse in the Netherlands (Peel marshes). In the fighting, which took place by the end of November 1944, castle Broekhuizen and the nearby village were conquered by the 15th Scottish Division on the Germans, meanwhile destroying the castle. On the Scottish side, of the 300 soldiers present, there were 43 killed and 140 wounded. On the German side 139 prisoners of war were made, while estimates for casualties range from 17 to 60 killed.
Battle of the River Garonne | The Battle of the River Garonne, also known as the Battle of Bordeaux, was fought in 732 between an Umayyad army led by Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi, governor of Al-Andalus, and Aquitanian forces led by Duke Odo of Aquitaine.
Battle of the Frigidus | The Battle of the Frigidus, also called the Battle of the Frigid River, was fought between 5–6 September 394, between the army of the Eastern Emperor Theodosius I and the army of Western Roman ruler Eugenius.
Battle on the Raxa | The Battle on the Raxa river (German: "Schlacht an der Raxa" ) was fought on 16 October 955 over control of the Billung march (in present-day Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, northeast Germany) between the forces of Otto I of Germany allied with the Rani tribe on one side, and the Obotrite federation under Nako and his brother Stoigniew (Stoinef, Stoinneg, Stoinegin, Ztoignav) with their allied and tributary Slav neighbours on the other. The Raxa river is identified with either the Recknitz or the Elde river. The German victory over the Slavs followed up on the August victory at the Lechfeld over the Magyars and marked the high point of Otto's reign. A thirty-year peace followed, only ending with the Slavic revolt in 983.
Australian cricket team in England in 1981 | The tour by the Australian cricket team in England in 1981 included the 51st Ashes series of Test matches between Australia and England. Despite having been 1–0 down after two Tests, England won the next three Tests to finish 3–1 victors (with two draws), thus retaining the Ashes. The series is popularly known as Botham's Ashes, owing to the remarkable performances of Ian Botham with both bat and ball.
Australian cricket team in Australia in 1974–75 | The 1974–75 Australians beat the touring England team 4–1 in the 1974-75 Ashes series. Labelled the "Ugly Australians" for their hard-nosed cricket, sledging and hostile fast bowling they are regarded as one of the toughest teams in cricket history. Don Bradman ranked them just after his powerful teams of the late 1940s, and Tom Graveney third amongst post-war cricket teams after the 1948 Australians and 1984 West Indians. The spearhead of the team was the fast-bowling duo of Dennis Lillee, whose hatred of English batsmen was well known, and Jeff Thomson, who outraged old fashioned cricketers by saying he liked to see "blood on the wicket". " Wisden" reported that "never in the 98 years of Test cricket have batsmen been so grievously bruised and battered by ferocious, hostile, short-pitched balls". "Behind the batsmen, Rod Marsh and his captain Ian Chappell would vie with each other in profanity", but the predatory wicketkeeper and Australian slip cordon snapped up most chances that came their way. Their batting line up was also impressive with the opener Ian Redpath spending over 32 hours at the crease in the series, followed by Rick McCosker, Ian and Greg Chappell, Doug Walters and Ross Edwards. Ironically, in the last Test of the series Lillee and Thomson were injured, the out of form England captain Mike Denness made 188 and England won by an innings.
English cricket team in Australia in 1974–75 | Mike Denness captained the English cricket team in Australia in 1974–75, playing as England in the 1974-75 Ashes series against the Australians and as the MCC in their other matches on the tour. They lost the Test series and the Ashes 4–1 thanks to the battering they received from the fast bowling of Dennis Lillee and Jeff Thomson, but won the One Day International and with Lillee and Thomson injured they came back to win the Sixth Test by an innings.
MCC tour of Australia in 1974–75 | The Marylebone Cricket Club tour of Australia in 1974-75 under the captaincy of Mike Denness was its sixteenth since it took official control of overseas tours in 1903-1904. The touring team played as England in the 1974-75 Ashes series against Australia, but as the MCC in all other games. In all there were 24 matches; 6 Test matches (which they lost 4-1), 9 other First Class matches (which they won 4-1), a One Day International, which they won, another one-day game, which they lost, and 8 minor matches (which they won 3-0).
English cricket team in Australia in 1979–80 | The England national cricket team toured Australia from November 1979 to February 1980 and played a three-match Test series against the Australia national cricket team. Australia won the Test series 3–0. England were captained by Mike Brearley; Australia by Greg Chappell. In addition, the teams played in a triangular Limited Overs International (LOI) tournament with the West Indies cricket team. The West Indies won this tournament, defeating England in the final.
Australian cricket team in New Zealand in 1981–82 | The Australian cricket team toured New Zealand in the 1981-82 season to play three-match One Day International and Test series against New Zealand. The first ODI was won by New Zealand before a record 42,000 fans, but Australia won the series 2-1. The Test series was drawn 1-1, with the first Test washed out.
West Indian cricket team in Australia in 1981–82 | The West Indies cricket team toured Australia in the 1981-82 season and played 3 Test matches against Australia. The series was drawn 1-1.
Australian cricket team in England in 1997 | The Australian cricket team toured England in the 1997 season to play a six-match Ashes Test series against England. Australia, under Mark Taylor, won the series 3–2 with strong batting performances from Matthew Elliott supporting the decisive bowling of Shane Warne, Glenn McGrath and Jason Gillespie.
Australian cricket team in Australia in 1946–47 | The 1946–47 Australians defeated the touring England team 3–0 in the 1946–47 Ashes series. First-class cricket had continued in Australia until January 1942 and as grade cricket had continued throughout the war there had been less of an hiatus than in England. Their cricket grounds had not been bombed and compared to austerity Britain, Australia was a land of plenty, which allowed for a more rapid recovery than in the old country, as had happened after the First World War. There was no Sheffield Shield in 1945–46, but the Australian Services XI had played all the states and there had been non-Shield interstate games. However, Australia's main advantage was the encouragement of their younger players, in particular by Bradman. Though overshadowed by the great 1948 Australian team, in 1975 Don Bradman reckoned that it was Australia's strongest post-war home team, with the 1974–75 Australians coming a close second and the 1950–51 Australians third. It was also superior to the pre-war Australian teams, as though they were just as strong in batting they had no fast bowlers and depended heavily on the leg-spin of Clarrie Grimmett and Bill O'Reilly. In 1946–47 Ray Lindwall and Keith Miller emerged as a great new-ball partnership, with quality support from Ernie Toshack, Ian Johnson and Colin McCool. The only area for improvement was in finding another top-order strokemaker, which was soon resolved by the arrival of Neil Harvey.
English cricket team in Australia in 1982–83 | The England cricket team toured Australia in the 1982–83 season to play a five-match Test series against Australia for The Ashes. Australia won the series 2–1 with two matches drawn and thereby regained The Ashes.
1982 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 1982 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Monte Kiffin. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1982 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
1983 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 1983 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1983 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Tom Reed. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1983 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
2009 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 2009 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team's head coach was Tom O'Brien. It was O'Brien's third season as NC State's head coach. The Wolfpack played their home games at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina. The Wolfpack finished the season 5–7, 2–6 in ACC play and failed to qualify for a bowl game.
1984 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 1984 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1984 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Tom Reed. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1984 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
1996 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 1996 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Mike O'Cain. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1996 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
1990 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 1990 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Dick Sheridan. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1990 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
1986 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 1986 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1986 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Dick Sheridan. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1986 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
1988 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 1988 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Dick Sheridan. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1988 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
1991 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 1991 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Dick Sheridan. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1991 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
1985 NC State Wolfpack football team | The 1985 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1985 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Tom Reed. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1985 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.
Come What May (2001 song) | "Come What May" is a song composed by David Baerwald and Kevin Gilbert, originally intended for the film "William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet". However, it was first heard publicly, and is best known as the romantic love theme from Baz Luhrmann's 2001 film "Moulin Rouge! ", where it is sung by Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman in their respective roles as Christian and Satine.
Come What May (1952 song) | "Come What May" is a popular song, with lyrics by Allen Schiller and music by Al Sanchez.
John Ewen | John Ewen (1741–1821), is credited with the authorship of the well-known Scottish song, ‘0 weel may the boatie row'.
Come What May (2015 film) | Come What May (original title: En mai, fais ce qu'il te plaît; also titled Darling Buds of May) is a 2015 French historical drama film directed by Christian Carion. It stars August Diehl and Olivier Gourmet in lead roles, and was released on 4 November 2015. The film score was composed by Ennio Morricone.
Songs (2012 Plácido Domingo album) | Songs is a 2012 popular song album by Plácido Domingo for Sony Classical. Guests on the album include Katherine Jenkins singing "Come What May", Josh Groban in "Sous le ciel de Paris", Susan Boyle, and Harry Connick Jr. in "Time After Time" as well as a duet with his son Plácido Domingo Jr. The orchestra is conducted by Eugene Kohn.
Come On (The Jesus and Mary Chain song) | "Come On" is a song by the Scottish alternative rock group The Jesus and Mary Chain and the second single from the group's album "Stoned & Dethroned". It was released by Blanco y Negro Records in October 1994 and reached #52 in the UK single charts.
Come What(ever) May | Come What(ever) May is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Stone Sour. It was recorded and produced by the band and Nick Raskulinecz at Studio 606 in Los Angeles, California, and was released on August 1, 2006, by Roadrunner Records. Writing for the album began as early as 2003 when vocalist Corey Taylor and guitarist James Root were writing material for their other band, Slipknot. In January 2006, Stone Sour began recording their second album, during which time drummer Joel Ekman left the band because of family constraints. He was eventually replaced by ex-Soulfly drummer Roy Mayorga who played on all but two tracks on the album.
Freedom Come-All-Ye | The "Freedom Come-All-Ye" is a Scots language anti-imperialist song written by Hamish Henderson in 1960.
Here Come the Vikings | Here Come The Vikings is the fourth solo album by Scottish singer \ songwriter Astrid Williamson which, as with her previous release, Day Of The Lone Wolf, she produced.
When the Circus Comes to Town | When the Circus Comes to Town is the nineteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1995. The song "Born and Bred in Old Ireland" was also recorded during these sessions but omitted from the UK album. Bert's manager intended to add it to a projected Japanese version of the album, which may or may not have happened. The track was re-recorded for Jansch's 1998 studio album, Toy Balloon
Ivan Bella | Ivan Bella (born 25 May 1964 in Brezno, Czechoslovakia (now Slovakia)) is a Slovak Air Force officer who became the first Slovak citizen to fly in space. He participated in an eight-day joint Russian-French-Slovak mission to the Mir space station in 1999.
Frank De Winne | Frank, Viscount De Winne (born 25 April 1961, in Ledeberg, Belgium) is a Belgian Air Component officer and an ESA astronaut. He is Belgium's second person in space (after Dirk Frimout). He was the first ESA astronaut to command a space mission when he served as commander of ISS Expedition 21. ESA astronaut de Winne serves currently as Head of the European Astronaut Centre of the European Space Agency in Cologne/Germany (Köln).
Iván Bella | Iván Gonzalo Bella (born 13 September 1989) is an Argentine football winger who plays for Vélez Sársfield in the Argentine Primera División.
Ivan Ivanić | Ivan Ivanić (Bačko Gradište, Bečej, Austria-Hungary, April 24, 1867 – Belgrade, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, January 31, 1935) was a diplomat of the Kingdom of Serbia and author of numerous works about ethnic groups in Serbia and the Balkans. He also wrote travel literature which described his travels in the region of Old Serbia (especially Kosovo and Metohija and Macedonia).
Giovanni Bellati | Giovanni Bellati (1750 – early 1800s) was an Italian painter active in the Neoclassic period. He was born in Valsassina. He studied in Milan at the Brera Academy, but then traveled to Rome.
Ivan Lovrić | Ivan Lovrić (also "Giovanni Lovrich"; ca. 1756 in Sinj – 1777 Sinj) was a croatian writer, ethnographer, and medical student from the Republic of Venice, best known for his work "Observations on 'Travels in Dalmatia' of Abbot Alberto Fortis".
Ivan Pecel | Ivan Pecel is an award winning juggler, comedian, performer, entertainer, and television/ commercial actor. He has had over 15 years of juggling experience. Ivan's shows are based in Los Angeles California but is able to travel across the country to do performances. He auditioned for the first season of America's Got Talent during the Los Angeles try-outs and made it into the semi-finals. Ivan has won many awards for his juggling talents and is currently performing for colleges, corporations, hotel, theaters, and cruise ships.
Frederik De Winne | Frederik de Winne (born 28 May 1985 in Ghent) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a right back for KVC Jong Lede. His prior clubs included Belgian Pro League team Lokeren and Belgian Second Division team OH Leuven.
Ivan Mamutoff | Ivan Mamutoff (1882-?) was a Graeco-Roman wrestler from St. Petersburg, Russia. He toured the United States in 1913 and hoped to challenge Frank Gotch in a match.
Tommaso Bellacci | Blessed Tommaso Bellacci (1370 - 31 October 1447) was an Italian Roman Catholic professed member of the Third Order of Saint Francis. Bellacci was a butcher and became a religious after turning his life around from one of sin to one of penance and servitude to God. Bellacci travelled across the Middle East and the Italian peninsula to preach and administer to people despite not being an ordained priest.
Wild Honey (play) | Wild Honey is a 1984 adaptation by British playwright Michael Frayn of an earlier play by Anton Chekhov. The original work, a sprawling five-hour drama from Chekhov's earliest years as a writer, has no title, but is usually known in English as "Platonov", after its principal character "Mikhail Platonov", a disillusioned provincial schoolmaster.
Platonov (play) | Platonov (Russian: Платонов , also known as "Fatherlessness" and "A Play Without a Title") is the name in English given to an early, untitled play in four acts written by Anton Chekhov in 1878. It was the first large-scale drama by Chekhov, written specifically for Maria Yermolova, rising star of Maly Theatre. Yermolova rejected the play and it was not published until 1923.
The Seagull | The Seagull (Russian: Чайка , "Chayka " ) is a play by Russian dramatist Anton Chekhov, written in 1895 and first produced in 1896. "The Seagull" is generally considered to be the first of his four major plays. It dramatises the romantic and artistic conflicts between four characters: the famous middlebrow story writer Boris Trigorin, the ingenue Nina, the fading actress Irina Arkadina, and her son the symbolist playwright Konstantin Tréplev.
On the Harmful Effects of Tobacco | On the Harmful Effects of Tobacco (Russian: О вреде табака , "O vredye tabaka " ) is a one-act play written by Russian author Anton Chekhov; it has one character, Ivan Ivanovich Nyukhin. First published in 1886, the play was revised by Chekhov and is best known from his 1902 version. This was first published in English in "The Unknown Chekhov" (1954), a collection of writings.
Ivanov (play) | "Ivanov" was first performed in 1887, when Fiodor Korsh, owner of the Korsh Theatre in Moscow, commissioned Chekhov to write a comedy. Chekhov, however, responded with a four-act drama, which he wrote in ten days. Despite the success of its first performance, the production disgusted Chekhov himself. In a letter to his brother, he wrote that he "did not recognise his first remarks as my own" and that the actors "do not know their parts and talk nonsense". Irritated by this failure, Chekhov made alterations to the play. Consequently, the final version is different from that first performance. After this revision, it was accepted to be performed in St. Petersburg in 1889. Chekhov's revised version was a success and offered a foretaste of the style and themes of his subsequent masterpieces.
The Bear (play) | The Bear: A Joke in One Act, or The Boor (Russian: "Медведь: Шутка в одном действии" , "Medved': Shutka v odnom deystvii" , 1888), is a one-act comedic play written by Russian author Anton Chekhov. The play was originally dedicated to Nikolai Nikolaevich Solovtsov, Chekhov's boyhood friend and director/actor who first played the character Smirnov.
The Cherry Orchard | The Cherry Orchard (Russian: "Вишнëвый сад" , "Vishnevyi sad " ) is the last play by Russian playwright Anton Chekhov. Written in 1903, it was first published by "Znaniye" (Book Two, 1904), and came out as a separate edition later that year in Saint Petersburg, via A.F. Marks Publishers. It opened at the Moscow Art Theatre on 17 January 1904 in a production directed by Konstantin Stanislavski. Chekhov described the play as a comedy, with some elements of farce, though Stanislavski treated it as a tragedy. Since its first production, directors have contended with its dual nature. It is often identified as one of the three or four outstanding plays by Chekhov, along with "The Seagull", "Three Sisters", and "Uncle Vanya".
Heartbreak House | Heartbreak House: A Fantasia in the Russian Manner on English Themes is a play written by George Bernard Shaw, first published in 1919 and first played at the Garrick Theatre in November 1920. According to A. C. Ward, the work argues that "cultured, leisured Europe" was drifting toward destruction, and that "Those in a position to guide Europe to safety failed to learn their proper business of political navigation". The "Russian manner" of the subtitle refers to the style of Anton Chekhov, which Shaw adapts.
Anton Chekhov | Anton Pavlovich Chekhov (Russian: Анто́н Па́влович Че́хов , ] ; 29 January 1860 – 15 July 1904) was a Russian playwright and short story writer, who is considered to be among the greatest writers of short fiction in history. His career as a playwright produced four classics and his best short stories are held in high esteem by writers and critics. Along with Henrik Ibsen and August Strindberg, Chekhov is often referred to as one of the three seminal figures in the birth of early modernism in the theatre. Chekhov practiced as a medical doctor throughout most of his literary career: "Medicine is my lawful wife", he once said, "and literature is my mistress."
Three Sisters (play) | Three Sisters (Russian: Три сeстры́ , "Tri sestry " ) is a play by the Russian author and playwright Anton Chekhov. It was written in 1900 and first performed in 1901 at the Moscow Art Theatre. The play is sometimes included on the short list of Chekhov's outstanding plays, along with "The Cherry Orchard", "The Seagull" and "Uncle Vanya".
Roswell International Air Center | Roswell International Air Center (RIAC) (IATA: ROW, ICAO: KROW, FAA LID: ROW) (Roswell Industrial Air Center) is an airport seven miles (11 km) south of Roswell, in Chaves County, New Mexico.
Pago Pago International Airport | Pago Pago International Airport (IATA: PPG, ICAO: NSTU, FAA LID: PPG) , also known as Tafuna Airport, is a public airport located 7 miles (11.3 km) southwest of the central business district of Pago Pago, in the village and plains of Tafuna on the island of Tutuila in American Samoa, an unincorporated territory of the United States.
Nichols Field (Colorado) | Nichols Field, also known as Alexander Airport, was an airfield 3 mi north of the Colorado Springs, Colorado city between the Pikeview RR station, and the Papeton and Roswell neighborhoods.
Hoskins Airport | Hoskins Airport is an airport in Hoskins (on the island of New Britain) in Papua New Guinea. The airport serves Kimbe - the capital of West New Britain province. Mount Pago is 16 km from the airport.
Boswell Bay Airport | Boswell Bay Airport (IATA: BSW, FAA LID: AK97) is owned by the U.S. Forest Service and is located near Boswell Bay, in the Valdez–Cordova Census Area, Alaska of the U.S. state of Alaska. The airfield was constructed in 1968 to serve the nearby White Alice radar site, now abandoned.
Inter Island Airways | Inter Island Airways (also known as "Inter Island Air") is a South Pacific regional airline based in Pago Pago, American Samoa. Inter Island Airways operates passenger and cargo flights in and between American Samoa, Independent Samoa and to neighboring Pacific island countries. Its main base of operations is at Pago Pago International Airport.
Pago Pago | Pago Pago ( ; Samoan: ] ) is the territorial capital of American Samoa. It is on the main island of American Samoa, Tutuila. The territory is served by Pago Pago International Airport at Tafuna, some 8 miles south west of Pago Pago. Tourism, entertainment, food, and tuna canning are its main industries.
Stevens Field | Stevens Field (IATA: PGO, ICAO: KPSO, FAA LID: PSO) is a public-use airport located two miles northwest of the central business district of Pagosa Springs, Colorado, United States. This general aviation airport is publicly owned by Archuleta County.
Elfin Cove Seaplane Base | Elfin Cove Seaplane Base (IATA: ELV, ICAO: PAEL, FAA LID: ELV) is a state-owned public-use seaplane base located in Elfin Cove, on Chichagof Island in the Hoonah-Angoon Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. Scheduled airline service is subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.
Rostraver Airport | Rostraver Airport (ICAO: KFWQ) is a public use airport in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located five nautical miles (9 km) east of the central business district of Monongahela, Pennsylvania in Rostraver Township. It is operated by the Westmoreland County Airport Authority, which also operates the Arnold Palmer Regional Airport in Unity Township, Pennsylvania.
Untold: The Greatest Sports Stories Never Told | Untold: The Greatest Sports Stories Never Told is an original one-hour documentary series featuring some of sports' most compelling figures and the challenges they've endured. It was hosted by Marv Albert. The series aired on Spike TV from 2004 to 2005.
The Not-So-Great Moments in Sports | The Not-So-Great Moments In Sports was an HBO sports special that aired in 1984. It hosted by former Major League Baseball player and current broadcaster Tim McCarver. It chronicled some of the craziest, weirdest and embarrassing sports bloopers in history. It was released on VHS videotape by HBO Video in 1985. The special spawned a second special called "The ALL-NEW Not-So-Great Moments In Sports" that aired in 1985 with McCarver returning as host. It became a regular series on HBO during the late 1980s.
Greatest Sports Legends | Greatest Sports Legends is a sports anthology series on the lives and careers of noted athletes. First aired in 1972, the series was produced with 10 new episodes per year nestled amongst 42 reruns. 207 episodes were produced, with athlete hosts including Michael Jordan,Tom Seaver, Paul Hornung, Reggie Jackson, Steve Garvey and Celebrity Hosts George Plimpton, Ken Howard and Jayne Kennedy interviewing the featured athlete. The series won one Emmy award out of three nominations.
The Greatest Story Never Told (disambiguation) | The Greatest Story Never Told (disambiguation) may refer to:
The Greatest Story Ever Told (David Banner album) | The Greatest Story Ever Told is the fifth studio album by American rapper and record producer David Banner. The album was released on July 15, 2008, by Universal Motown and SRC Records. The first single from the album is called "Speaker", better known by its explicit title "9mm". It features Snoop Dogg, Lil Wayne and Akon. The track was produced by Akon. The second single is "Get Like Me", which features Chris Brown. The third single is "Shawty Say", which features Lil Wayne and samples Lollipop. The music video premiered on FNMTV on August 1, 2008.
On the Shoulders of Giants (film) | On the Shoulders of Giants: The Story of the Greatest Team You Never Heard Of is a 2011 historical sports documentary film directed by Deborah Morales, written by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Anna Waterhouse. This film tells the story of the All-Black professional basketball team the New York Renaissance or Harlem Rens.
The Greatest Story Never Told | The Greatest Story Never Told is the debut studio album by American rapper Saigon, released February 15, 2011 on Suburban Noize Records. The album was initially scheduled to be released in 2007, but experienced numerous delays due to issues with Saigon's previous label Atlantic Records. Although primarily produced by Just Blaze, "The Greatest Story Never Told" features additional production from several renowned producers, such as Buckwild, Scram Jones and Kanye West, with guest appearances from Black Thought, Bun B, Faith Evans, Jay-Z and Q-Tip, among others.
The Colgate Sports Newsreel | The Colgate Sports Newsreel was a radio program focusing on sports. It has been called "one of the most successful and most listened-to shows in radio history" and "one of radio broadcasting's most entertaining and engaging programs." However, much of the information reported as fact was actually fiction.
The Greatest Baseball Game Never Played | The Greatest Baseball Game Never Played was a 1982 simulated broadcast of a hypothetical baseball game between all-time Major League Baseball greats. The broadcast was aired on 200 radio stations in the United States and Canada and also released as a record album.
The Greatest Story Never Told Chapter 2: Bread and Circuses | The Greatest Story Never Told Chapter 2: Bread and Circuses
Sacro GRA | Sacro GRA (] , Italian for "Holy GRA") is a 2013 Italian documentary film directed by Gianfranco Rosi. It won the Golden Lion at the 70th Venice International Film Festival. It was the first documentary film to win the award at the Venice Festival.
Gianfranco Rosi (director) | Gianfranco Rosi is an Italian director, cinematographer, producer and screenwriter. His film "Sacro GRA" won Golden Lion at 70th Venice International Film Festival. "Sacro GRA" is the first documentary film to win Golden Lion in history of the Venice film festival and the first Italian film to win in fifteen years, after Gianni Amelio's "The Way We Laughed" won the award in 1998. His 2016 film "Fire at Sea", a documentary focused on European migrant crisis on the Sicilan island of Lampedusa, won the Golden Bear at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival. Rosi is the only documentary filmmaker to win two top prizes at major European film festivals (Cannes, Berlin and Venice) and is currently the only filmmaker besides Michael Haneke, Jafar Panahi, Ang Lee, and Ken Loach to win two top European festival prizes in the 21st century.
Walt &amp; El Grupo | Walt & El Grupo is a 2008 documentary film written and directed by Theodore Thomas. A presentation of Walt Disney Family Foundation Films, the film tells the story of Walt Disney's 1941 U.S. Government sponsored trip to South America where he and a group of artists gathered material which would be used to create two of Disney's animated feature films, "Saludos Amigos" and "The Three Caballeros".
DisneyToon Studios | Disneytoon Studios, originally Disney MovieToons and was also Disney Video Premieres, is an American animation studio which creates direct-to-video and occasional theatrical animated feature films. The studio is a division of Walt Disney Animation Studios, with both being part of The Walt Disney Studios itself a division of The Walt Disney Company. The studio has produced 47 feature films, beginning with "" in 1990; its most recent feature film is "Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast" in 2015.
Walt Disney Animation Studios | Walt Disney Animation Studios, headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California, is an American animation studio that creates animated feature films, short films, and television specials for The Walt Disney Company. Founded on October 16, 1923, it is a division of The Walt Disney Studios. The studio has produced 56 feature films, from "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937) to "Moana" (2016).
Walt Disney Pictures | Walt Disney Pictures, Inc. is an American film production company and a subsidiary of Walt Disney Studios, owned by The Walt Disney Company. The division is based at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California, and is the main producer of live-action feature films within the Walt Disney Studios unit. It took on its current name in 1983. Today, in conjunction with the other units of Walt Disney Studios, Walt Disney Pictures is classified as one of Hollywood's "Big Six" film studios. Films produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and Pixar Animation Studios are also released under this brand.
List of Walt Disney Animation Studios films | This is a list of films from Walt Disney Animation Studios, an American animation studio headquartered in Burbank, California. It creates animated feature films and is owned by The Walt Disney Company. The studio has produced 56 feature films, beginning with "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937)—one of the first full-length animated feature films and the first one made in the United States—and most recently "Moana" (2016). Four feature films are in development, with "" set for release on November 21, 2018, "Frozen 2" on November 27, 2019, "Gigantic" on November 25, 2020, and an untitled film set for a November 24, 2021 release.
Disneynature | Disneynature is an independent film unit of Walt Disney Studios that produces nature documentary films. The production company was founded on April 21, 2008 and is headquartered in Paris, France. Heading the unit is Disney veteran Jean-Francois Camilleri, who also serves as senior vice president and general manager for Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures France.
The Three Caballeros | The Three Caballeros is a 1944 American live-action animated musical package film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The film premiered in Mexico City on December 21, 1944. It was released in the United States on February 3, 1945 and in the UK that March. The seventh Disney animated feature film, the film plots an adventure through parts of Latin America, combining live-action and animation. This is the second of the six package films released by Walt Disney Productions in the 1940s, following "Saludos Amigos" (1942).
The Prince and the Pauper (1990 film) | The Prince and the Pauper is an animated short film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and directed by George Scribner. Featuring the voice of Wayne Allwine as Mickey Mouse, it is inspired by the Mark Twain story of the same name. It was Disney's final use of the traditional ink-and-paint and camera process, before the CAPS digital-ink-and-paint process rendered the traditional techniques and equipment obsolete.
Gaza Strip | The Gaza Strip ( ; Arabic: قطاع غزة‎ ‎ "Qiṭāʿ Ġazzah " ] ), or simply Gaza, is a small self-governing Palestinian territory on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea, that borders Egypt on the southwest for 11 km and Israel on the east and north along a 51 km border. Gaza, together with the West Bank, constitute the Palestinian territories claimed by the Palestinians as the State of Palestine. The territories of Gaza and the West Bank are separated from each other by Israeli territory. Both fall under the jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority, but Gaza has since June 2007 been governed by Hamas, a Palestinian Islamic organization which came to power in free elections in 2006. It has been placed under an Israeli and U.S.-led international economic and political boycott from that time onwards.
Zionist Freedom Alliance | The Zionist Freedom Alliance (ZFA) is an activist grassroots Zionist movement that advocates Israel's moral, legal and historic rights for the Jewish people to the entire Land of Israel, which they consider to include the territory captured during the 1967 Six-Day War. It was established in 1999 by Magshimey Herut activists in response to what they perceived to be growing anti-Israel sentiment among young people throughout the world. ZFA claims that their narrative has not been presented since before the start of the Oslo peace process and that this has resulted in the world’s ignorance of Israel’s claim to all territory between the Mediterranean Sea and Jordan River. ZFA views Zionism as a revolutionary struggle and itself as the voice of Jewish national liberation. Its members are both religious and non-religious Jews.
Gaza Subdistrict, Mandatory Palestine | The Gaza Subdistrict (Arabic: قضاء غزة‎ ‎ ) was one of the subdistricts of Mandatory Palestine. It was situated in the southern Mediterranean coastline of the British Mandate of Palestine. After the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, the district disintegrated, with Israel controlling the northern and eastern portions while Egypt held control of the southern and central parts – which became the Gaza Strip, under Egyptian military between 1948 and 1967, Israeli military rule after 1967 and part of the Palestinian National Authority (with some aspects of retained Israeli rule) after the Oslo Accords in 1993–1994. The parts which Israel held since 1948 were merged into Israeli administrative districts, their connection with Gaza severed.
Haifa Subdistrict, Mandatory Palestine | The Haifa Subdistrict (قضاء حيفا) was one of the subdistricts of Mandatory Palestine. It covered the northern Mediterranean coast of regional Palestine, southwestern Galilee, and the Wadi Ara region. It was disintegrated after the British withdrawal from the area. Prior to and during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War around half of the Arab localities were depopulated or destroyed. The entire district was captured by Israel and most of its Arab defenders were composed of the Arab Liberation Army and local militias.
Bar Lev Line | The Bar Lev Line (Hebrew: קו בר לב‎ ‎ , "Kav Bar Lev"; Arabic: خط بارليف‎ ‎ , "Khaṭṭ Barlīf") was a chain of fortifications built by Israel along the eastern coast of the Suez Canal after it captured the Sinai Peninsula from Egypt during the 1967 Six-Day War.
1967 Palestinian exodus | The 1967 Palestinian exodus refers to the flight of around 280,000 to 325,000 Palestinians out of the territories captured by Israel during and in the aftermath of the Six-Day War, including the demolition of the Palestinian villages of Imwas, Yalo, and Bayt Nuba, Surit, Beit Awwa, Beit Mirsem, Shuyukh, Al-Jiftlik, Agarith and Huseirat and the "emptying" of the refugee camps of Aqabat Jaber and ʿEin as-Sultan. Approximately 145,000 of the 1967 Palestinian refugees were refugees from the 1948 Palestine War. By December 1967, 245,000 had fled from the West Bank and Gaza Strip further into Jordan, 11,000 had fled from the Gaza Strip further into Egypt and 116,000 Palestinians and Syrians had fled from the Golan Heights further into Syria.
West Bank | The West Bank (Arabic: الضفة الغربية‎ ‎ "aḍ-Ḍiffah l-Ġarbiyyah "; Hebrew: הגדה המערבית‎ ‎ , "HaGadah HaMa'aravit") is a landlocked territory near the Mediterranean coast of Western Asia, the bulk of it now under Israeli control, or else under joint Israeli-Palestinian Authority control, and which final status of the entire area is yet to be determined by the parties concerned. The West Bank shares boundaries (demarcated by the Jordanian-Israeli armistice of 1949) to the west, north, and south with Israel, and to the east, across the Jordan River, with Jordan. The West Bank also contains a significant section of the western Dead Sea shore.
Israeli Military Governorate | The Israeli Military Governorate was a military government established following the Six Day War in June 1967, in order to govern the civilian population of the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, the Sinai Peninsula and the Western part of Golan Heights. The governance was based on the Fourth Geneva Convention, which provides guidelines for military rule in occupied areas. East Jerusalem was the only exception from this order, and it was effectively added to Jerusalem municipal area as early as 1967, and extending Israeli law to the area (effectively annexing it).
Anwar Nusseibeh | Anwar Bey Nuseibeh (Arabic: أنور نسيبة‎ ‎ ) Anwar Bey Nuseibeh (1913–1986) was a leading Palestinian moderate who held several major posts in the Jordanian Government before Israel took control of East Jerusalem and the West Bank in the 1967 war. After the Six Day War he became one of the first Palestinians involved in contacts with Israel after it captured the Eastern part of the city and later encouraged his son, Sari Nusseibeh, to make contact with the Israelis.
Israeli Civil Administration | The Civil Administration (Hebrew: המנהל האזרחי‎ ‎ , "ha-Minhal ha-ʿEzraḥi ") is the Israeli governing body that operates in the West Bank. It was established by the government of Israel in 1981, in order to carry out practical bureaucratic functions within the territories captured by Israel in 1967. While formally separate, it was subordinate to the Israeli military and the Shin Bet.
2015 MTV Video Music Awards | The 2015 MTV Video Music Awards were held on August 30, 2015. The 32nd installment of the event was held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, California, and hosted by Miley Cyrus. Taylor Swift led the nominations with a total of ten, followed by Ed Sheeran, who had six., bringing his total number of mentions to 13. Swift's "Wildest Dreams" music video premiered during the pre-show. Cyrus also announced and released her studio album "Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz", right after her performance at the end of the show. During his acceptance speech, Kanye West announced that he would be running for the 2020 U.S. Presidential Election. Taylor Swift won the most awards with four, including Video of the Year and Best Female Video. The VMA trophies were redesigned by Jeremy Scott.
2017 MTV Video Music Awards | The 2017 MTV Video Music Awards were held on August 27, 2017 at The Forum in Inglewood, California, honoring music videos released between June 25, 2016 and June 23, 2017. It was hosted by Katy Perry. The 34th annual award show aired live from the venue for the second time in its history. The music video for Taylor Swift's song "Look What You Made Me Do" premiered during the broadcast. Lil Yachty co-hosted the pre-show with Terrence J, Charlamagne Tha God, and MTV News' Gaby Wilson. It was broadcast across various Viacom networks and their related apps.
Taylor Swift videography | American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift has released four video albums and has appeared in thirty-eight music videos, five films and three television shows. From her eponymous debut album (2006), she released music videos for the singles "Tim McGraw", "Teardrops on My Guitar", "Our Song", and "Picture to Burn", all directed by Trey Fanjoy and released from 2006–08. For the second of these, she earned an MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist nomination. She followed with three other music videos in 2008—"Beautiful Eyes" from her extended play of the same name, "Change" from the "AT&T Team USA Soundtrack" and "Love Story" from her second album "Fearless" (2008). The latter was nominated for two awards at the 2009 CMT Music Awards—Video of the Year and Female Video of the Year. For the video of "You Belong with Me" she won Best Female Video at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. During her acceptance speech, she was interrupted by rapper Kanye West, which sparked controversy and received much media attention.
Dooo It! | "Dooo It!" is a song by American singer Miley Cyrus from her fifth studio album "Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz" (2015). It was premiered on August 30, 2015, with a live performance during the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards, which Cyrus hosted, and was made available free online without prior announcement alongside the parent album. It serves to promote the project.
The Jackass Song | "The Jackass Song" is the fifth and final single released by The Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am from the political compilation album "". The song was released on September 17, 2009, and was inspired by Barack Obama's reaction following Kanye West's interruption of Taylor Swift at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. It features a sample of Kanye West's "Heartless". will.i.am wrote a blog piece relating to the song, and it appeared alongside the song's music video on Dipdive.
Innocent (Taylor Swift song) | "Innocent" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her third studio album, "Speak Now" (2010). Allegedly written in response to Kanye West's interruption of her acceptance speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, Swift performed the song at the following year's ceremony as a means of putting the controversy behind them. The song achieved moderate critical and commercial success, debuting at #53 and #27 on the Canadian Hot 100 and "Billboard" Hot 100, respectively, following the release of "Speak Now".
Out of the Woods (song) | "Out of the Woods" is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was written and produced by Swift and Jack Antonoff of fun. . It was the second song to be officially released from her fifth studio album "1989", serving as the first promotional single on October 14, 2014. It is the fourth track on the album, after "Style". "Out of the Woods" serves as the sixth official single with an accompanying music video that premiered on December 31, 2015, during "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve" on ABC. It was released to radio on February 5, 2016. The song went number one in Israel and has reached the top 10 in Belgium, Canada, and New Zealand as well as the top 20 in Australia and the United States.
Miley: The Movement | Miley: The Movement is a 2013 documentary television film about American entertainer Miley Cyrus, following her return to the music industry in the lead-up to her fourth studio album "Bangerz" (2013). It premiered on October 2, 2013, on MTV, shortly before the release of her record, for which the documentary served as a promotional tool. The documentary depicts Cyrus finalizing details regarding its launch, making public appearances for additional promotion, and rehearsing for her controversial performance at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards.
Lady Gaga videography | American singer Lady Gaga has released three video albums and has been featured in twenty-eight music videos. From her debut album "The Fame" (2008), she released music videos for the singles "Just Dance", "Poker Face", "LoveGame" and "Paparazzi". In the latter, she portrays a doomed starlet taking revenge on her lover. She reissued her first album as "The Fame Monster" (2009), preceded by a music video for the lead single "Bad Romance", which won a Grammy Award for Best Music Video and seven MTV Video Music Awards, including Video of the Year in 2010. The following year, Jonas Åkerlund directed the music video for "Telephone"—a continuation of "Paparazzi"—which was shot as a short film. The video received an MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year nomination, and was named the Best Music Video of the Decade by "Billboard" in January 2015. For her 2010 video "Alejandro", Gaga received positive review from critics, though she was criticized by the Catholic League that alleged blasphemy.
Shake It Off | "Shake It Off" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her fifth album, "1989" (2014). Written by Swift, Max Martin and Shellback, it is an uptempo dance-pop track considered to be a departure from Swift's earlier country pop music style. "Shake It Off" is the sixth track on the album and serves as the lead single. The song premiered during a Yahoo! live stream session on August 18, 2014 (also streaming internationally online); its music video was also released the same day. Several hours later, the song was made available for digital download.
Gunnera manicata | Gunnera manicata, known as Brazilian giant-rhubarb giant rhubarb, or dinosaur food, is a species of flowering plant in the Gunneraceae family from Brazil.
Gunnerales | The Gunnerales are an order of flowering plants. In the APG III system (2009) and APG IV system (2016) it contains two genera: "Gunnera" (in family Gunneraceae) and "Myrothamnus" (in family Myrothamnaceae). In the Cronquist system (1981), the Gunneraceae were in the Haloragales and Myrothamnaceae in the Hamamelidales.
Gunnera | Gunnera is a genus of herbaceous flowering plants. Some species have extremely large leaves. Species in the genus are variously native to Latin America, Australia, New Zealand, Papuasia, Hawaii, insular Southeast Asia, Africa, and Madagascar.
Gunneraceae | Gunneraceae is a family of flowering plants, closely related to Myrothamnaceae, together forming the order Gunnerales. Such a family has been recognized by most taxonomists. Gunneraceae consists of the single genus "Gunnera" with 63 known species
Gunnera magellanica | Gunnera magellanica is a perennial rhizomatous dioeceous herb native to Chile, Argentina and the Falkland Islands, and Andean areas of Peru, Ecuador. In the southern part of its range it grows in damper parts of the Magellanic Forests, and shrub formations on Tierra del Fuego, with an altitudinal range from sea level to 1500m.
Gunnera aequatoriensis | Gunnera aequatoriensis is a species of plant in the Gunneraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Pycnophallium | Pycnophallium is a genus-level name in the butterfly family Lycaenidae. The genus name was erected by the Dutch lepidopterist Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus in 1929. He included two Oriental species under this name: "Pycnophallium roxus" Godart and "Pycnophallium elna" Hewitson. These species had previously been treated as species in the genera "Lycaena" or "Castalius" until Hans Fruhstorfer erected "Caleta" in 1922. Although "Caleta" in the wide sense has not been fully revised since Fruhstorfer erected it, , 1992, made an authoritative classification of Oriental polyommatine genera. Hirowatari did not recognise "Pycnophallium" as a valid genus, but retained nine species, including "roxus" and "elna" in "Caleta".
Gunnera monoica | Gunnera monoica is a species of "Gunnera" endemic to New Zealand. It is one of the smallest species of "Gunnera", with leaves of around 3 cm wide. It spreads by forming stolons in damp ground.
Gunner (rank) | Gunner (Gnr) is a rank equivalent to private in the British Army Royal Artillery and the artillery corps of other Commonwealth armies. The next highest rank is usually lance-bombardier, although in the Royal Canadian Artillery it is bombardier. Historically, there was an inferior rank, matross.
Gunnera hamiltonii | Gunnera hamiltonii is a creeping herbaceous plant in the family Gunneraceae, with clusters of small (2 to 7 cm) grey-brown leaves forming a dense mat. Small green flowers are followed by red berries in the autumn.
Pussy Galore (band) | Pussy Galore was an American garage rock band that formed in Washington, D.C. in 1985. They had a constantly fluid line-up until their demise in 1990. They took their name from the character in the James Bond film, "Goldfinger", and their sound was inspired by The Velvet Underground and the New York Dolls.
Free Kitten | Free Kitten is a supergroup composed of Sonic Youth's Kim Gordon and Pussy Galore's Julie Cafritz. Originally performing under the name "Kitten", they changed their name after receiving threats of legal action by a heavy metal singer performing under the same name. Boredoms member Yoshimi P-We eventually took up the task of drumming, and Pavement's Mark Ibold joined later on as bassist. They have released a handful of albums and singles, mainly on label Kill Rock Stars, including a remix 12" featuring DJ Spooky. They toured on 1993's Lollapalooza. A studio album, 2008's "Inherit", on Thurston Moore's Ecstatic Peace label, is the group's most recently available.
Knoxville Girls | Knoxville Girls was a short-lived American, New York City based, alternative rock supergroup that contained: Bob Bert (of Sonic Youth and Pussy Galore), on drums, Jerry Teel (of Boss Hog and Little Porkchop) on vocals, guitars; Kid Congo Powers (of The Gun Club and The Cramps) on guitar and vocals; Jack Martin (of Little Porkchop and Blackstrap Molasses Family) on guitar; and Barry London (of Stab City) on organ.
The Honeymoon Killers (American band) | The Honeymoon Killers were an American noise rock band from New York City, formed in 1983. Their name is taken from the 1970 crime film "The Honeymoon Killers". The Honeymoon Killers' sound is deeply rooted in the blues earning them comparisons to The Cramps, whose music was highly influential to Teel. The nucleus of the band was Jerry Teel and Lisa Wells, with Sally Edroso serving as the longest standing drummer between 1985 and 1990. The group's rotating line-ups would consist of members belonging to like-minded bands such as Pussy Galore, Boss Hog, Ritual Tension and the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion. Their first three albums were independent releases issued by the band's label Fur Records. The group disbanded in 1994, with its leader Jerry Teel forming The Chrome Cranks with drummer Bob Bert and guitarist William Gilmore Weber.
Feel Good About Your Body | Feel Good About Your Body is an EP by American noise rock band Pussy Galore, released in 1985 by Adult Contemporary and Shove Records.
Historia de la Musica Rock | Historia de la Musica Rock is the third studio album by American noise rock band Pussy Galore, released in May 1990 by Caroline Records in America and Rough Trade Records in England.
Galgo | The galgo (or yangjang-go or yang-go) is a traditional Korean drum. The drum has an hourglass-shaped wooden body and two drum heads of identical diameter, similar to the "janggu". Compared to the "janggu", the "galgo" is fitted with a sound-adjusting funnel different from that of the "janggu". The "galgo" also uses thinner drum skins and is struck with two bamboo sticks called "chae" but mallet shaped "gungchae" is not used. The pitch of the drum can be controlled on both sides of the drum rather than only one pitch per-side for the janggu. This instrument is popular after the rule of King Yeongjo in the Joseon dynasties, and is always mentioned in the Jinyeoneuigwe (historical records of the palace). However, today, the "galgo" has fallen out of use by traditional music performers and if one wishes to see this instrument, normally it will be in The National Center for Korean Traditional Performing Arts.
Dial 'M' for Motherfucker | Dial 'M' for Motherfucker is an album by the New York City garage punk band Pussy Galore, released in April 1989 by Caroline Records. The song "Kicked Out" is played in an Episode of "House", "Games", when Gregory House plays it to annoy Wilson and induce a seizure in a patient.
Julia Cafritz | Julia Cafritz is an American musician and guitarist who was a member of Pussy Galore and Free Kitten. She is regarded as a cult figure from the New York City noise music scene of the 1990s.
Right Now! (Pussy Galore album) | Right Now! is the second studio album by the American noise rock band Pussy Galore, released in 1987 through Caroline Records.
Banded Brothers | Banded Brothers (also known as "Banded Brothers: The Mongoose Mob") is a British television program airing on BBC2 on Sundays during February and March 2010. Filmed and presented in the style of "Meerkat Manor", it follows the regular lives and activities of a family of banded mongooses being monitored by the Banded Mongoose Research Project of the University of Exeter, in Uganda's Queen Elizabeth National Park.
Banded mongoose | The banded mongoose ("Mungos mungo") is a mongoose commonly found in the central and eastern parts of Africa. It lives in savannas, open forests and grasslands and feeds primarily on beetles and millipedes. Mongooses use various types of dens for shelter including termite mounds. While most mongoose species live solitary lives, the banded mongoose live in colonies with a complex social structure.
Liberian mongoose | The Liberian mongoose ("Liberiictis kuhni") is a small carnivoran belonging to the mongoose family (Herpestidae). It is the only member of the genus Liberiictis. Phylogenetic analysis has shown that the Liberian mongoose is closely related other small, social mongooses and that the banded mongoose is its closest relative.
Cuban Project | The Cuban Project, also known as Operation Mongoose, was a covert operation of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) that was commissioned in March 1960 during the final year of President Dwight Eisenhower's administration. On November 30, 1961, covert operations against Fidel Castro's government in Cuba were officially authorized by President Kennedy and after being given the name Operation Mongoose at a prior White House meeting on November 4, 1961. The operation was led by United States Air Force General Edward Lansdale and went into effect after the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion.
Jean Monnet Programme | The Jean Monnet Programme, also known as the Jean Monnet Project, is a European Union initiative to encourage teaching, research and reflection in the field of European integration studies in higher education institutions. It is named for Jean Monnet (1888–1979), regarded by many as a chief architect of European Unity.
University of Dundee | The University of Dundee (abbreviated as Dund. for post-nominals) is a public research university based in the city and Royal burgh of Dundee on the east coast of the central Lowlands of Scotland. Founded in 1881 the institution was, for most of its early existence, a constituent college of the University of St Andrews alongside United College and St Mary's College located in the town of St Andrews itself. Following significant expansion, the University of Dundee became an independent body in 1967 whilst retaining much of its ancient heritage and governance structure. Since its independence, the university has grown to become an internationally recognised centre for research.
University of Southampton | The University of Southampton (abbreviated as Soton in post-nominal letters) is a public research university located in Southampton, England. Southampton is a founding member of the Russell Group of research-intensive universities in Britain. In the most recent Research Excellence Framework the university was ranked 8th for research intensity in the UK. .
Mondragon University | Mondragon University (officially in Basque: "Mondragon Unibertsitatea" , MU) is a non-profit cooperative private university in the Basque Country, officially established and recognised in 1997. It is part of Mondragon Corporation. Its main campus is in Mondragón, Gipuzkoa.
ALFALFA | The ALFALFA research project is located at the Arecibo Observatory and started on February 4 2005. It is still ongoing (April 2013). The name is the abbreviation of Arecibo Legacy Fast ALFA. ALFA is the abbreviation of Arecibo L-Band Feed Array.
MONEE Project | UNICEF launched the MONEE Project (MONitoring Eastern Europe, officially called “Public Policies and Social Conditions: Monitoring the Transition in Central and Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States") in 1992 to secure evidence-based feedback on the social impact of market reforms, and to advise countries undergoing rapid political, economic and social change on financial policy. Eight Regional Monitoring Reports (RMRs) were produced by the Innocenti Research Centre between 1993 and 2001, targeting decision-makers, their advisers, academics, professionals and the general audience.
Len Wiseman | Len Ryan Wiseman (born March 4, 1973) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. He is best known for his work on the "Underworld" series, "Live Free or Die Hard", and the 2012 film "Total Recall".
Benjamin Christensen | Benjamin Christensen (28 September 1879 – 2 April 1959) was a Danish film director, screenwriter and an actor both in film and on the stage. As a director he is most well known for the 1922 film "Häxan" and as an actor, he is best known for his performance in the film "Michael" (1924), in which he plays Claude Zoret, the jilted lover of the film's title character.
The Devil's Circus | The Devil's Circus is a 1926 silent drama film directed by Danish director Benjamin Christensen, based upon his screenplay. The film stars Norma Shearer and Charles Emmett Mack. It was the first of seven films directed by Christensen in the United States, and one of only four of those films that have not been lost.
The Mysterious X | The Mysterious X (Danish: "Det hemmelighedsfulde X" ) is a 1914 Danish silent drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen. It was Christensen's directorial debut. Prints of the film exist in the Det Danske Filminstitut and the Museum of Modern Art.
His Wife, The Unknown | His Wife, The Unknown (German: Seine Frau, die Unbekannte ) is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen. Prints of the film exist in the Det Danske Filminstitut.
Lady with the Light Gloves | Lady with the Light Gloves (Danish: "Damen med de lyse handsker" ) is a 1942 Danish drama film written and directed by Benjamin Christensen. It was the final film that Christensen directed.
Come Home with Me (film) | Come Home with Me (Danish: Gå med mig hjem ) is a 1941 Danish drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen.
Seven Footprints to Satan | Seven Footprints to Satan is a 1929 American horror film directed by Danish filmmaker Benjamin Christensen. Based on the book of the same name by Abraham Merritt, it stars Thelma Todd, Creighton Hale, William V. Mong and Sheldon Lewis, and contains appearances by Sōjin Kamiyama and Angelo Rossitto among others. It was produced as both a silent film and as a part-talkie, making it one of the last – if not "the" last – silent horror films.
Blind Justice (1916 film) | Blind Justice (Danish: "Hævnens nat" ) is a 1916 Danish silent drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen. Prints of the film exist in the Det Danske Filminstitut.
Children of Divorce (1939 film) | Children of Divorce (Danish: Skilsmissens børn ) is a 1939 Danish drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen.
Steven C. Melendez | Steven Cuitlahuac Melendez is an American film and television director, producer and animator. He is the second son of "Peanuts" animator Bill Melendez.
Bill Melendez | José Cuauhtémoc Meléndez (November 15, 1916 – September 2, 2008), known as Bill Melendez, was a Mexican American character animator, film director, voice artist and producer, known for his cartoons for Walt Disney Productions (working on four Disney films "Pinocchio", "Fantasia", "Dumbo" and "Bambi"), Warner Bros. Cartoons, UPA and the "Peanuts" series. Melendez provided the voices of Snoopy and Woodstock in the latter as well.
Steven Melendez | Steven Melendez is a classical dancer from the USA. He is a principal artist with the New York Theatre Ballet. Formerly, he was a principal artist with the Estonian National Ballet and a soloist with Ballet Concierto in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Melendez Films | Melendez Films is a film animation studio. It was founded in 1969 as a London subsidiary of Bill Melendez Productions (best known for producing the Peanuts specials) by Steven C. Melendez (son of animator Bill Melendez).
Sam Jaimes | Sam Jaimes is an American animator from Hanna-Barbera Studios and Mendelson-Melendez Productions. He animated for the "Peanuts" cartoon specials and movies. He directed seven Peanuts specials in the 80's. he was the american animator in history of his life.
Tony Meléndez | José Antonio Meléndez Rodríguez (born January 9, 1962, Rivas, Nicaragua) is a Nicaraguan American guitar player, composer, singer, and songwriter who was born without arms. His mother took Thalidomide while pregnant, which caused his disability. Meléndez has learned to play the guitar with his feet.
Agliberto Meléndez | Agliberto Melendez is a Dominican film director best known as the director of "A One Way Ticket" (Un Pasaje de Ida), the Dominican Republic's first feature-length film, produced entirely in the Dominican Republic by a Dominican cast and crew. The film became known to American audiences after its 1988 debut in New York City at the Museum of Modern Art's New Directors/New Films Festival. "A One Way Ticket" gained some notoriety because of its macabre subject matter; the story of would be immigrants who die in their desperate struggle to escape a fate of poverty and despair. "A One Way Ticket", shot under very adverse conditions, proved to everyone that it could be done.
Herman Cohen (animator) | Herman R. Cohen (March 25, 1913 – August 21, 1970) was a long time animator working from the Golden Age of animation to the early 1970s at various studios. He animated the "Betty Boop" series at Fleischer Studios, animations featuring "Bugs Bunny", "Daffy Duck", "Speedy Gonzales" and "Sylvester", among others, at "Warner Bros. Cartoons", Mr. Magoo episode at "United Productions of America (UPA)", the Woody Woodpecker series at "Walter Lantz Productions", the "Tom and Jerry" series at "Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Cartoon Studio", "The Pink Panther" series at "DePatie-Freleng Enterprises", and "Archie’s Funhouse" at Filmation Associates, "Peanuts" cartoons at Mendelson-Melendez Productions, among others. Cohen died there on August 21, 1970. His last project was Babar Comes to America, released posthumously in Fall 1971.
José Kikito Meléndez | José Enrique "Quiquito" Meléndez Ortiz (born December 5, 1973) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the New Progressive Party (PNP). He has been a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives since May 23, 2011.
Lisette Melendez | Lisette Melendez (born 1967) is an American freestyle/Latin pop/dance-pop singer. She is best known for her 1991 hits "Together Forever", #35 at the "Billboard" Hot 100 and "A Day In My Life (Without You)". Both songs were such big dance music hits that they are credited as helping renew interest in Freestyle music in the early 90s, which had been fading in popularity due to the rise of mainstream pop music and grunge at the time.
Shark Creek, New South Wales | Shark Creek is a small suburb/village on the north coast of New South Wales, on the Clarence river near Woodford Island, Located southeast of Lawrence, and south of Maclean, New South Wales.
Shark River Slough Archeological District | The Shark River Slough Archeological District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on November 5, 1996) located west of Homestead, Florida.
Shark River (Florida) | The Shark River is a major distributary of Lake Harney in the southwestern portion of Everglades National Park. It is located in Monroe County, Florida, United States. The river is entirely sea level. The mouth of the river is at Ponce de Leon Bay, part of the Gulf of Mexico. The river is only 9.5 mi long.
Shark Valley | Shark Valley is a geological depression at the head of the Shark River Slough in far western Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It is currently part of Everglades National Park. Shark Valley empties into Shark River in the Ten Thousand Islands of Monroe County. Shark Valley characteristically includes sawgrass prairie that floods during the rainy season, hence the name "river of grass"—"Pa-Hay-Okee", from the Mikasuki language—for such marshes in the Everglades. Shark Valley features a Visitor Center with educational displays, a park video, an underwater camera and informational brochures. The entrance to Shark Valley is located along Tamiami Trail (US 41) near the Miami-Dade–Collier County line.
Shark River (New Jersey) | The Shark River is a river in eastern New Jersey that rises in eastern Monmouth County and flows southeast for 11.7 mi , continuing through Neptune Township and Wall Township. The river continues towards the Shark River Inlet, an estuary that feeds into the Atlantic Ocean between Belmar and Avon-by-the-Sea.
Shark River Inlet | The Shark River Inlet is an inlet that connects the Atlantic Ocean with the Shark River, located entirely in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. The Shark River Inlet acts as a border between the towns of Belmar and Avon-by-the-Sea at the Atlantic Ocean. The Shark River Inlet is the only river inlet exclusively in Monmouth County that drains directly into the Atlantic Ocean; the Shrewsbury and Navesink rivers drain into Sandy Hook Bay (part of the much larger Lower New York Bay), and the Manasquan River is shared with Ocean County.
Northern river shark | The northern river shark or New Guinea river shark ("Glyphis garricki") is a species of requiem shark, in the family Carcharhinidae found in scattered tidal rivers and associated coastal waters in northern Australia and in Papua New Guinea. This species inhabits areas with poor visibility, soft bottoms, and large tides, with immature sharks ranging into fresh and brackish water. It is similar to other river sharks in having a stocky grey body with a high back, tiny eyes, and broad fins. It measures up to 2.5 m long.
Bean Creek (Zayante Creek) | Bean Creek is a 9.1 mi stream that rises on the western slopes of the Santa Cruz Mountains and discharges to Zayante Creek. This stream traverses relatively rugged, forested lands and is the locus of an important fossil bearing formation. These fossils are embedded in the Lower Santa Margarita Formation and include "Astrodapsis spatiosus";also rare species of gastropod "Thais cf. lapillis", and shark teeth (e.g. "Isurus hastalis") The watershed area is 8.81 sqmi and the peak flow of Bean Creek has been measured at 1380 cuft per second. Since 2001 the Scotts Valley Water District has monitored regularly at three stations within Bean Creek for heavy metals and nitrates. Significant groundwater recharge occurs in the streambed of Bean Creek.
Shark River Draw | Shark River Draw is a moveable bridge over the Shark River Inlet, an inlet at the mouth of the Shark River in the towns of Belmar and Avon-by-the-Sea Monmouth County, New Jersey United States just west of the Atlantic Ocean.
Shark River Park | Shark River Park is located in the townships of Neptune, Wall and Tinton Falls in coastal New Jersey and is part of the Monmouth County Park System.
Finding Dory | Finding Dory is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Directed by Andrew Stanton with co-direction by Angus MacLane, the screenplay was written by Stanton and Victoria Strouse. The film is a sequel/spinoff to 2003's "Finding Nemo" and features the returning voices of Ellen DeGeneres and Albert Brooks, with Hayden Rolence (replacing Alexander Gould), Ed O'Neill, Kaitlin Olson, Ty Burrell, Diane Keaton and Eugene Levy joining the cast. The film focuses on the amnesiac fish Dory, who journeys to be reunited with her parents.
Amnesiac (film) | Amnesiac (aka "Unconscious") is a 2015 mystery film directed by Michael Polish and written by Mike Le and Amy Kolquist.
Amnesia (2015 film) | Amnesia is a 2015 Swiss-French drama film directed by Barbet Schroeder. It was selected to screen in the Special Screenings section at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival.
Headshot (2016 film) | Headshot is a 2016 Indonesian martial arts action film directed by Kimo Stamboel and Timo Tjahjanto. The film stars Iko Uwais as a man with amnesia who must battle a criminal syndicate to protect the beautiful doctor (Chelsea Islan) who saved his life. "Headshot" was released on September 9, 2016, at the Toronto International Film Festival. It received generally positive reviews from critics.
A Wind Named Amnesia | A Wind Named Amnesia (Japanese: 風の名はアムネジア , Hepburn: Kaze no Na wa Amunejia ) , also known as The Wind of Amnesia in Australia and the United Kingdom, is a Japanese novel authored by Hideyuki Kikuchi, originally published in 1983 by Asahi Sonorama. An anime film adaptation was released theatrically on December 22, 1990, directed by Kazuo Yamazaki. An English adaptation of the film was produced and released by Manga Entertainment on home video in Australia and the UK and by Central Park Media in North America.
Anastasia (1997 film) | Anastasia is a 1997 American animated epic musical alternative history film produced by Fox Animation Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox, directed by former Walt Disney Animation Studios directors Don Bluth and Gary Goldman, and starring the voices of Meg Ryan, John Cusack, Kelsey Grammer, Hank Azaria, Christopher Lloyd and Angela Lansbury. The film is a loose adaptation of the legend of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia, which claims that she, in fact, escaped the execution of her family. Its basic plot—that of an eighteen-year-old amnesiac orphan named Anya who, in hopes of finding some trace of her family, sides with con men who wish to take advantage of her likeness to the Grand Duchess—is the same as the 1956 film by Fox, which, in turn, was based on the 1955 play by Marcelle Maurette.
AmnesiA | AmnesiA is a 2001 Dutch drama film directed by Martin Koolhoven.
Shaun the Sheep Movie | Shaun the Sheep Movie is a 2015 British stop-motion animated adventure comedy film inspired by the television series "Shaun the Sheep", created by Nick Park. The film follows Shaun and his flock into the big city to rescue their farmer, who found himself amnesiac there as a result of their mischief.
Amnèsia (2002 film) | Amnèsia is an Italian comedy-drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores and released in 2002.
Amnesia (1994 film) | Amnesia is a 1994 Chilean drama film directed by Gonzalo Justiniano. The film was selected as the Chilean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 67th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
1995 Monaco Grand Prix | The 1995 Monaco Grand Prix (formally the LIII Grand Prix de Monaco) was a Formula One motor race held on 28 May 1995 at the Circuit de Monaco, Monte Carlo, Monaco. It was the fifth round of the 1995 Formula One season. The 78-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher for the Benetton team after starting from second position. Damon Hill finished second for Williams after starting from pole position and leading the first 23 laps of the race, ahead of Gerhard Berger in a Ferrari car. The remaining points-scoring positions were filled by Johnny Herbert in the second Benetton, Mark Blundell (McLaren) and Heinz-Harald Frentzen (Sauber). Schumacher's win was his third of the season thus far and extended his lead in the World Drivers' Championship over Hill to five points. It was also Renault's first win in the Monaco Grand Prix, as Benetton's engine supplier.
1999 Monaco Grand Prix | The 1999 Monaco Grand Prix (formally the LVII Grand Prix Automobile de Monaco) was a Formula One motor race held on 16 May 1999 at the Circuit de Monaco in Monte Carlo, Monaco. It was the fourth race of the 1999 Formula One season. The 78-lap race was won by Ferrari driver Michael Schumacher after starting from second position. It was Schumacher's 16th win with Ferrari, breaking the record held by Niki Lauda. His team-mate Eddie Irvine finished second with Mika Häkkinen third for the McLaren team.
2001 Monaco Grand Prix | The 2001 Monaco Grand Prix (formally the LIX Grand Prix de Monaco) was a Formula One motor race held at the Circuit de Monaco on 27 May 2001. It was the seventh race of the 2001 Formula One season. The 78-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher driving for the Ferrari team. Rubens Barrichello finished second in the other Ferrari with Eddie Irvine third for the Jaguar team. Schumacher's win was his fourth of season, and Irvine's third place was the first podium position for the Jaguar team.
1995 Pacific Grand Prix | The 1995 Pacific Grand Prix (formally the II Pacific Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 22 October 1995 at the TI Circuit, Aida, Japan. It was the fifteenth round of the 1995 Formula One season. The 83-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher for the Benetton team after starting from third position. David Coulthard, who started the Grand Prix from pole position, finished second in a Williams car, with Damon Hill third in the other Williams. Schumacher's win confirmed him as 1995 Drivers' Champion, as Hill could not pass Schumacher's points total with only two races remaining. This was also the last race for Jean-Christophe Boullion.
1997 Monaco Grand Prix | The 1997 Monaco Grand Prix (formally the LV Grand Prix de Monaco) was a Formula One race held on 11 May 1997 at the Circuit de Monaco, Monte Carlo, Monaco. It was the fifth round of the 1997 Formula One season. The 62-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher, driving a Ferrari, after starting from second position. Rubens Barrichello, who started from tenth position, finished second in a Stewart-Ford, with Eddie Irvine third in the other Ferrari. The win enabled Schumacher to take over the lead of the World Drivers' Championship from Williams driver Jacques Villeneuve, and Ferrari to take over the lead of the Constructors' Championship from Williams.
1995 Brazilian Grand Prix | The 1995 Brazilian Grand Prix (formally the XXIV Grande Prêmio do Brasil) was a Formula One motor race held on 26 March 1995 at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace, São Paulo, Brazil. It was the first round of the 1995 Formula One season. The 71-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher for the Benetton team after starting from second position. David Coulthard finished second in a Williams, with Gerhard Berger third in a Ferrari. Damon Hill, who started the race from pole position, spun out while leading on lap 30 with an apparent gearbox problem, which was later found to be a suspension failure. Schumacher's win came despite Benetton encountering steering problems with his car during Friday practice, leading to him crashing heavily and necessitating steering component changes for the rest of the event. Despite Schumacher's victory, Hill proved to be faster during the race, and seemed to be on course for a comfortable victory before his sudden retirement.
1995 European Grand Prix | The 1995 European Grand Prix (formally the XL Grand Prix of Europe) was a Formula One motor race held on 1 October 1995 at the Nürburgring, Nürburg, Germany. It was the fourteenth round of the 1995 Formula One season and the first to be held there since . The 67-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher for the Benetton team after starting from third position. Jean Alesi finished second in a Ferrari, with David Coulthard, who started the Grand Prix from pole position, third in a Williams car. This was also the last race for Massimiliano Papis and Jean-Denis Délétraz.
1995 German Grand Prix | The 1995 German Grand Prix (formally the XXIV Grosser Mobil 1 Preis von Deutschland) was a Formula One motor race held on 30 July 1995 at the Hockenheimring, Hockenheim. It was the ninth race of the 1995 Formula One season. The 45-lap race was won by Benetton driver Michael Schumacher after he started from second position. David Coulthard finished second for the Williams team and Ferrari driver Gerhard Berger came in third. It also was the first race since the death of Argentine five-time world champion Juan Manuel Fangio, who died the Monday after the previous F1 round, the British Grand Prix.
1996 Japanese Grand Prix | Williams' Damon Hill took his eighth win of the season, and with it the Drivers' Championship, after team-mate and pole-sitter Jacques Villeneuve made a poor start and then retired when a wheel fell off. Villeneuve had needed to win the race, without Hill scoring, in order to win the Championship himself. Michael Schumacher finished second, enabling Ferrari to steal second place in the Constructors' Championship from Benetton, while McLaren's Mika Häkkinen was third. This was also the last race for Giovanni Lavaggi, Pedro Lamy and Martin Brundle.
1995 French Grand Prix | The 1995 French Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 2 July 1995 at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours, Magny-Cours. It was the seventh race of the 1995 Formula One season. Michael Schumacher extended his championship lead over Damon Hill to 11 points. As had happened in many seasons, the local Ligier team scored a strong result. Gerhard Berger was running in the points when his fuel rig would not connect at his pit stop. His stop lasted over 50 seconds dropping him to 17th.
Frederick Law Olmsted | Frederick Law Olmsted (April 26, 1822 – August 28, 1903) was an American landscape architect, journalist, social critic, and public administrator. He is popularly considered to be the father of American landscape architecture. Olmsted was famous for co-designing many well-known urban parks with his senior partner Calvert Vaux, including Central Park in New York City, Golden Gate Park in San Francisco and Elm Park in Worcester, Massachusetts, considered by many to be the first municipal park in America.
Cherie Kluesing | Cherie Kluesing was an American landscape architect, designer, and educator. She received a Boston Society of Landscape Architects award in 1988 for her restoration plan for Fredrick Law Olmsted's Buttonwood Park in New Bedford, Massachusetts. She wrote extensively on land art and landscape architecture, and was known for her advocacy for integrating art works and landscape.
Frederick Law Olmsted Jr. | Frederick Law Olmsted Jr. (July 24, 1870 – December 25, 1957) was an American landscape architect and city planner known for his wildlife conservation efforts. He had a lifetime commitment to national parks, and worked on projects in Acadia, the Everglades and Yosemite National Park. Olmsted Point in Yosemite and Olmsted Island at Great Falls of the Potomac River in Maryland are named after him. He was the son of Frederick Law Olmsted, Sr., and he and his brother John C. Olmsted created Olmsted Brothers as a successor firm to their father's. Very soon after his father's death, Olmsted stopped using the suffix "Jr.," but anything attributed to Frederick Law Olmsted after about 1896 is necessarily the son's work.
Frederick Law Olmsted National Historic Site | Frederick Law Olmsted National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Site located in Brookline, Massachusetts, a suburb of Boston. Frederick Law Olmsted (1822–1903) is recognized as the founder of American landscape architecture and the nation's foremost parkmaker of the 19th century. In 1883, Olmsted moved his home to suburban Boston and established "Fairsted", the world's first full-scale professional office for the practice of landscape design. Over the course of the next century, his sons and successors expanded and perpetuated Olmsted's design ideals, philosophy, and influence.
John Charles Olmsted | John Charles Olmsted (1852–1920), the nephew and adopted son of Frederick Law Olmsted, was an American landscape architect. With his brother, Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr., he founded Olmsted Brothers, a landscape design firm in Brookline, Massachusetts. The firm is famous for designing many urban parks, college campuses, and other public places. John Olmsted's body of work from over 40 years as a landscape architect has left its mark on the American urban landscape.
Fred Wesley Wentworth | Fred Wesley Wentworth (August 3, 1864 – October 5, 1943) was an American architect known for his many buildings in Downtown Paterson, New Jersey as well as several residences and theaters in northeastern New Jersey. Wentworth had a major impact on shaping Paterson after a wind-driven fire decimated much of the central business district in 1902. His body of work consisted of institutional, commercial, residential, religious and healthcare buildings as well as some of the nation's first movie theaters designed exclusively for motion pictures. He was a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Cadwalader Heights, Trenton, New Jersey | Cadwalader Heights is a neighborhood located within the city of Trenton in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States. The neighborhood was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted and primarily consists of detached, single-family homes built from 1907 to 1930. Cadwalader Heights is just southeast of Cadwalader Park.
Horace Cleveland | Horace William Shaler Cleveland (December 16, 1814 – December 5, 1900) was an American landscape architect, sometimes considered second only to Frederick Law Olmsted. His approach to natural landscape design can clearly be seen in projects including the Grand Rounds in Minneapolis; Sleepy Hollow Cemetery in Concord, Massachusetts; the boulevard system in Omaha, Nebraska; Roger Williams Park in Providence, Rhode Island; and St. Anthony Park in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Calvert Vaux | Calvert Vaux ( ; December 20, 1824 – November 19, 1895) was a British-American architect and landscape designer. He is best known as the co-designer, along with his protégé and junior partner Frederick Law Olmsted, of what would become New York's Central Park.
Henry Sargent Codman | Henry Sargent Codman was an American landscape architect in Frederick Law Olmsted's celebrated design firm. He was Charles Sprague Sargent's nephew.
Gordon Warnecke | Gordon Warnecke (born 24 August 1962 in London) is a British actor of Indo-Guyanese and German descent. He may be best known for his role as Omar in the 1985 film "My Beautiful Laundrette", co-starring as the lover of Johnny (Daniel Day-Lewis). Other film credits include Franco Zeffirelli's "Young Toscanini" and Hanif Kureishi's "London Kills Me".
David Toscano | David J. Toscano (born June 28, 1950) is an American politician and lawyer. A Democrat, he served on the Charlottesville, Virginia city council 1990–2002 and was mayor 1994–96. In November 2005 he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates, succeeding Mitchell Van Yahres. He represents the 57th district, made up of the city of Charlottesville and part of Albemarle County. In November 2011, Toscano was elected House Minority Leader.
Frank Warnke | Frank J. Warnke (May 18, 1933 September 23, 2011) was an American politician of the Democratic Party. A Native American, Warnke served 12 years in the Washington House of Representatives in Washington's 30th legislative district and 8 years in the Washington State Senate in Washington's 31st legislative district. He helped create the Public School Employees of Washington (PSE), a union for school district employees, and served 17 years as the organization's executive director.
Julio César Godoy Toscano | Julio César Godoy Toscano (born in Lázaro Cárdenas, Michoacán in 1965) is a Mexican businessman, politician and a former member of the leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD). He is half-brother of Leonel Godoy Rangel, former governor of the state of Michoacán. Godoy has served as Mayor of the Lázaro Cárdenas municipality and was elected in 2009 to the Chamber of Deputies, the Mexican lower house of parliament, however, before being sworn in he was accused with ties with organized crime and money laundering. He evaded a 2009 arrest warrant by sneaking into his own swearing-in ceremony in order to obtain parliamentary immunity. Godoy was later disavowed by the party and stripped of his office when an audio recording was released of him apparently speaking with La Familia drug cartel leader. He remains a fugitive.
Miguel Ángel Toscano | Miguel Ángel Toscano Velasco (born 17 November 1973) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the National Action Party. As of 2014 he served as Deputy of the LIX Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the Federal District.
Anton Toscani | Antonius Franciscus Cornelis "Anton" Toscani (29 July 1901 – 1 November 1984) was a Dutch race walker who specialized in the 50 km. In this event, he finished tenth at the 1936 Summer Olympics and eighth at the 1938 European Championships.
Young Toscanini | Young Toscanini (original title: Il giovane Toscanini) is a 1988 Italian-French biographical drama film directed by Franco Zeffirelli and starring C. Thomas Howell and Elizabeth Taylor.
Walter Toscanini | Walter Toscanini (March 19, 1898 - July, 1971) was an Italian-American historian and ballet choreographer. He was the son of Maestro Arturo Toscanini and Carla De Martini, and brother of Wanda Toscanini. His son was Walfredo Toscanini (1929 - 2011).
Walter Warne | Walter John William Warne (17 July 1898 – 23 June 1962) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly multi-member seat of North Adelaide from 1930 to 1933 for the Australian Labor Party.
Alberto Toscano (journalist) | Alberto Toscano (born March 25, 1948 in Novara, Piedmont, Italy) is an Italian journalist, writer and political scientist living in France since 1986 and working with several Italian and French media.
André Zucca | André Zucca (1897-1973) was a French photographer and Nazi collaborator, most well known for his work with the German propaganda magazine "Signal".
Tony Vaccaro | Michelantonio Celestino Onofrio Vaccaro (born December 20, 1922), better known as Tony Vaccaro or Michael A. Vaccaro, is an American photographer who is best known for his photos taken in Europe during 1944 and 1945 and in Germany immediately after World War II. After the war, he became a renowned fashion and lifestyle photographer for U.S. magazines.
Friedrich Franz Bauer | Friedrich Franz Bauer (1903–1972) was a German SS photographer known for his images of propaganda made for the Nazis.
Joseph Gerhard Zuccarini | Joseph Gerhard Zuccarini (10 August 1797 – 18 February 1848) was a German botanist, Professor of Botany at the University of Munich. He worked extensively with Philipp Franz von Siebold, assisting in describing his collections from Japan, but also described plants discovered in other areas, including Mexico. Siebold wrote his Flora Japonica in collaboration with Zuccarini. It first appeared in 1835, but the work was not completed until after his death, finished in 1870 by F. A. W. Miquel (1811–1871), director of the Rijksherbarium in Leiden.
Francisco Boix | Francisco Boix Campo (31 August 1920, in Barcelona – July 1951 Paris) was a photographer who presented photographs that played a role in the conviction of Nazi war criminals. As a Spanish republican he was exiled in France in 1939. He was recruited by the French Foreign Legion and French Army and captured in 1940 by the Germans. Boix, like over 7000 Spaniards, was an inmate in the Mauthausen concentration camp between January 1941 and May 1945, who became known for having testified as a witness in two trials against German Nazi war criminals.
Heinrich Hoffmann (photographer) | Heinrich Hoffmann (12 September 188515 December 1957) was Adolf Hitler's official photographer, and a Nazi politician and publisher, who was a member of Hitler's intimate circle. Hoffman's photographs were a significant part of Hitler's propaganda campaign to present himself and the Nazi Party as a significant mass phenomenon. He received royalties from all uses of Hitler's image, even on postage stamps, which made him a millionaire over the course of Hitler's reign. After the Second World War he was tried and sentenced to four years in prison for war profiteering. He was classified by the Allies' Art Looting Investigators to be a "major offender" in Nazi art plundering of Jews, as both art dealer and collector and his art collection, which contained many artworks looted from Jews, was ordered confiscated by the Allies. He recovered the art in 1956 by order of the Bavarian State.
Radu Lecca | Radu D. Lecca (February 15, 1890–1980) was a Romanian spy, journalist, civil servant and convicted war criminal. A World War I veteran who served a prison term for espionage in France during the early 1930s, he was a noted supporter of antisemitic concepts and, after 1933, an agent of influence for Nazi Germany. While becoming a double agent for Romania's Special Intelligence Service (SSI), Lecca was involved in fascist politics, gained in importance during World War II and the successive dictatorships, and eventually grew close to "Conducător" Ion Antonescu.
Roger Schall | Roger Schall (25 July 1904-1995) was a French photographer and photojournalist. During World War II, Schall secretly documented the Nazi occupation of Paris. He also produced fashion photography for the fetish clothing company Diana Slip.
Walter Frentz | Walter Frentz ( ; 21 August 1907 – 6 July 2004) was a German cameraman, film producer and photographer, who was considerably involved in the picture propaganda of Nazi Germany.
Werner Wolff (photographer) | Werner Wolff (11 June 1911 – 26 January 2002) was a German-born American photojournalist known primarily for his work in association with the Black Star agency from 1945 to the late 1980s. Born in Mannheim, Germany in 1911, Wolff emigrated to New York City in 1936, initially working for Alfred Eisenstaedt as a darkroom technician and then starting his own photographic agency, "Camera Features". After a brief stint in the U.S. Army Signal Corps during World War II, Wolff became a correspondent for the weekly Army magazine, "YANK". Wolff reported on major campaigns in Italy and was one of the first to photograph Hitler's mountain retreat in Berchtesgaden after its capture by the Allies.
Bill Ponsford | William Harold "Bill" Ponsford (19 October 1900 – 6 April 1991) was an Australian cricketer. Usually playing as an opening batsman, he formed a successful and long-lived partnership opening the batting for Victoria and Australia with Bill Woodfull, his friend and state and national captain. Ponsford is the only player to twice break the world record for the highest individual score in first-class cricket; Ponsford and Brian Lara are the only cricketers to twice score 400 runs in an innings. Ponsford holds the Australian record for a partnership in Test cricket, set in 1934 in combination with Donald Bradman(451 for 2nd wicket)—the man who broke many of Ponsford's other individual records.In fact,he along with Don Bradman set the record for the highest partnership ever for any wicket in Test cricket history when playing in away soil (451 runs for the second wicket)
Bill Woodfull | William Maldon "Bill" Woodfull OBE (22 August 1897 – 11 August 1965) was an Australian cricketer of the 1920s and 1930s. He captained both Victoria and Australia, and was best known for his dignified and moral conduct during the tumultuous bodyline series in 1932–33 that almost saw the end of Anglo-Australian cricketing ties. Trained as a schoolteacher, Woodfull was known for his benevolent attitude towards his players, and his patience and defensive technique as an opening batsman. Woodfull was not a flamboyant player, but was known for his calm, unruffled style and his reliability in difficult situations. His opening pairing with fellow Victorian Bill Ponsford for both his state and Australia remains one of the most successful in history. While not known for his tactical skills, Woodfull was widely admired by his players and observers for his sportsmanship and ability to mould a successful and loyal team through the strength of his character.
Born to Kill (miniseries) | Born to Kill is a British television miniseries, produced by World Productions, that was first broadcast on Channel 4 from 20 April to 11 May 2017. The four-part serial stars Jack Rowan as Sam Woodford, a seemingly ordinary 16-year-old schoolboy who appears to harbouring secret psychopathic tendencies. The series also stars Romola Garai as Sam's mum, Jenny; Lara Peake as Sam's girlfriend, Chrissie; Earl Cave as Sam's best boyfriend, Oscar; Daniel Mays as Chrissie's father, Bill; and Richard Coyle as Sam's father, Peter. The series was written and created by Tracey Malone and Kate Ashfield, becoming Malone's second original television production following "Rillington Place".
Adelaide leak | The Adelaide leak was the revelation to the press of a dressing-room incident during the third Test, a cricket match played during the 1932–33 Ashes series between Australia and England, more commonly known as the Bodyline series. During the course of play on 14 January 1933, the Australian Test captain Bill Woodfull was struck over the heart by a ball delivered by Harold Larwood. Although not badly hurt, Woodfull was shaken and dismissed shortly afterwards. On his return to the Australian dressing room, Woodfull was visited by the managers of the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) team, Pelham Warner and Richard Palairet. Warner enquired after Woodfull's health, but the latter dismissed his concerns in brusque fashion. He said he did not want to speak to the Englishman owing to the Bodyline tactics England were using, leaving Warner embarrassed and shaken. The matter became public knowledge when someone present leaked the exchange to the press and it was widely reported on 16 January. Such leaks to the press were practically unknown at the time, and the players were horrified that the confrontation became public knowledge.
Mr. Woodcock | Mr. Woodcock is a 2007 sports comedy film directed by Craig Gillespie, and starring Seann William Scott, Billy Bob Thornton, Susan Sarandon, Amy Poehler, and Ethan Suplee. The film was released on September 14, 2007.
George Woodford | George Arthur Woodford (22 April 1915 – 21 April 1966) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back for Norwich City and Southampton in the 1930s.
Bill Woodcock (footballer) | Herbert 'Bill' Woodcock (29 June 1888 – 6 October 1957) was an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Bill Murray-Wood | William Murray-Wood (30 June 1917 – 21 December 1968), known as Bill Murray-Wood, was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Oxford University and Kent County Cricket Club. He was Kent's captain for two years from 1952, leaving in controversial circumstances. He was born at Dartford, Kent.
Bill Brelsford | William Henry Brelsford (1885 – 25 March 1954), known as Bill or Beau Brelsford, was an English footballer who played for Doncaster Rovers and Sheffield United. He was a hardworking player and could play as a right half or centre half.
Paul Woodfull | Paul Woodfull (born in 1958 in Dublin) is an Irish writer, actor, comedian and musician. He has written two television series, a CD and the comedy musical play "I, Keano". He is a graduate of the National College of Art and Design in Dublin.
Sasha Alexander | Suzana S. Drobnjaković Ponti (born May 17, 1973), known by her stage name Sasha Alexander, is a Serbian-American actress. She played Gretchen Witter on "Dawson's Creek" and has acted in films including "Yes Man" (2008) and "He's Just Not That Into You" (2009). Alexander played Caitlin Todd for the first two seasons of "NCIS". From July 2010 through September 2016, Alexander starred as Maura Isles in the TNT series "Rizzoli & Isles".
The Hour of the Star | The Hour of the Star ("A hora da estrela") is a novel by Clarice Lispector published in 1977, shortly after the author's death. In 1985, the novel was adapted by Suzana Amaral into a film of the same name, which won the Silver Bear for Best Actress in the 36th Berlin International Film Festival of 1986. It has been translated into English twice by New Directions Publishing with Giovanni Pontiero's 1992 translation followed by Benjamin Moser's version in 2011.
A Sucessora (telenovela) | A Sucessora was a Brazilian telenovela written by Manoel Carlos based on the homonym novel published by Carolina Nabuco in 1934. It was aired from 9 October 1978 to 2 March 1979, comprised 125 episodes and starred Suzana Vieira, Rubens de Falco, and Nathalia Timberg.
A Liberal Passion | A Liberal Passion (Italian: "Passione sinistra" ) is a 2013 Italian comedy film co-written and directed by Marco Ponti. It is loosely based on the novel "Passione sinistra" by Chiara Gamberale. For her performance Eva Riccobono was nominated for Nastro D'Argento for best supporting actress.
Fontamara (film) | Fontamara is a 1980 Italian film, directed by Carlo Lizzani based on the novel of the same name by Ignazio Silone. It stars Michele Placido in the role of Berardo Viola and Antonella Murgia as Elvira. Ida Di Benedetto won the Nastro d'Argento (Silver Ribbon) for Best supporting Actress in 1981 for her supporting role as Maria Rosa.
Io che amo solo te (film) | Io che amo solo te (] ) is a 2015 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Marco Ponti and starring Riccardo Scamarcio and Laura Chiatti. It is loosely based on a novel by , who also collaborated to the screenplay of the film. It debuted at the first place at the Italian box office.
Suzanna (film) | Suzanna is a 1923 American silent comedy-drama film starring Mabel Normand and directed F. Richard Jones. The picture was produced by Mack Sennett, who also adapted the screenplay from a story by Linton Wells. A partial copy of the film, which is missing two reels, is in a European archive.
The Avenger of Venice | The Avenger of Venice (Italian: "Il ponte dei sospiri" , Spanish: "El puente de los suspiros" , French: "Le pont des soupirs" ) is a 1964 Italian-French-Spanish adventure film written and directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Brett Halsey and Gianna Maria Canale. It is based on a novel by Michel Zevaco.
La Celestina P... R... | La Celestina P.. . R.. . is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Lizzani. It is loosely based on the Medieval novel "La Celestina" by Fernando de Rojas.
Suzana Amaral | Suzana Amaral (born March 28, 1928 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian film director and screenwriter. She is best known for the 1985 film "A Hora da Estrela" (Hour of the Star).
Election Law Journal | Election Law Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed law journal published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. covering legal issues related to elections and voting rights. It was established in 2002 with Daniel H. Lowenstein (UCLA School of Law) and Richard L. Hasen (Loyola Law School) as founding editors-in-chief. s of 2010 , the editors are Daniel P. Tokaji (Moritz College of Law) and Paul Gronke (Reed College). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Westlaw and International Political Science Abstracts/Documentation Politique Internationale.
Campaigns and Elections | Campaigns & Elections is a trade magazine covering political campaigns, focused on tools, tactics, and techniques of the political consulting profession. The magazine was founded by Stanley Foster Reed in 1980. It is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia.
New York Law Journal | The New York Law Journal, founded in 1888, is a legal periodical covering the legal profession in New York, United States. The newspaper, published Monday through Friday, provides daily coverage of civil and criminal cases from state and federal courts, as well as news about court administration, large and small law firms, elected officials, government offices, law schools, nonprofit agencies, in-house legal departments and bar associations. It provides analysis and insight in columns written by leading professionals and serves as the official publication for the First and Second Judicial Departments. The newspaper publishes a number of special issues, including its ""NYLJ" 100" rankings of New York's 100 largest law firms.
The Woman Voter | The Woman Voter was a monthly suffragist journal published in New York City by the Woman Suffrage Party (WSP). It ran between 1910 and 1917. The first editor was Mary Ritter Beard. Beard created a suffragist publication which was unique in offering coverage of topics that "cut across class, age and organizational boundaries."
Woman's Journal | Woman's Journal was an American women's rights periodical published from 1870-1931. It was founded in 1870 in Boston, Massachusetts, by Lucy Stone and her husband Henry Browne Blackwell as a weekly newspaper. In 1917 it was purchased by Carrie Chapman Catt's Leslie Woman Suffrage Commission and merged with "The Woman Voter" and "National Suffrage News" to become known as The Woman Citizen. It served as the official organ of the National American Woman Suffrage Association until 1920, when the organization was reformed as the League of Women Voters, and the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution was passed granting women the right to vote. Publication of "Woman Citizen" slowed from weekly, to bi-weekly, to monthly. In 1927, it was renamed The Woman's Journal. It ceased publication in June 1931.
Coalition for Free and Open Elections | The Coalition for Free and Open Elections (COFOE) is a nonpartisan organization in the United States that aims to promote fair ballot access. COFOE was founded in 1985, when representatives from across the political spectrum met in the New York City law office of former U.S. Attorney General Ramsey Clark.
Electoral Studies | Electoral Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research into elections. It was established in 1982 and is published by Elsevier. The editor-in-chief is Harold D. Clarke (University of Texas at Dallas), Geoffrey Evans (Nuffield College, Oxford), and Elinor Scarbrough (University of Essex). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 1.404, ranking it 42nd out of 162 journals in the category "Political Science".
Journal Record Building | The Journal Record Building, also known as the Law Journal Record Building and the India Temple Shrine Building, is a Classical Revival style building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. It was completed in 1923 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was damaged in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing and now houses the Oklahoma City National Memorial Museum.
Voting matters | Voting matters was a peer-reviewed academic journal whose purpose is "To advance the understanding of preferential voting systems". Originally published by the Electoral Reform Society (1994–2003), "Voting matters" then became a publication of the McDougall Trust until April, 2013. The journal's founding editor-in-chief (1994–2010) was British mathematician and computer scientist Brian Wichmann, followed by Nicolaus Tideman.
National Association of State Election Directors | The National Association of State Election Directors (NASED) is a U.S. association that "was formed in 1989 when a group of state election directors and administrators met in Reno, Nevada. The driving issue at that time that spurred the group to organize was the concern that national networks were releasing presidential election results before all polls had closed.
